Go ahead . Oh , um , uh , I usually do n't get to hea , hear any of the current events probably until about the ten o'clock news . Uh-huh . 

Uh , you know , being , uh , I mean , by the time you get off work , go by and pick up the , uh , baby from the baby sitter , it 's , you know , after six and by the time everything is settled in , 

it 's ten o'clock before I can catch up on anything . Yeah , I guess that 's the way I am too . I , sometimes I hear some things on , on the radio . Uh-huh , oh yeah . I only get the newspaper on the weekends so , Oh , uh-huh . Oh , I do n't even have , ge- , time to read the newspaper except in passing , Uh-huh . you know , I 'll look over my husband 's shoulder and see what 's going on . I , But , uh , I guess occasionally I 'll hear someone at work say something though . Yeah . We have , uh , a news thing on the computer that , uh , that I 'll , I 'll try to look at every day . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , it 's pretty much headline news . Yeah . Which is n't , you know , pretty much what we loo , look for anyway . Uh-huh . But , uh . I , do you think that the quality of the , uh , the , you know , the news events that you get are , what do you think about it ? Well I , I guess it 's pretty good . And , and like the Dallas area , Uh-huh . and I , I guess when you 're in a big metropolitan area like this , there 's , I guess , a lot of pressure in that business to , Yeah . borderline at that . Well , you know , there 's a lot of competition in the media . Uh-huh . And sometimes I think it too much trying to figure out who 's going to get the best headlines . And that they 'll run a topic into the ground . Yeah . And , uh . You know , they try to play public 's opinion . Which I think is awful , because it usually works . 

Uh-huh , true . I 'll bet that was the case of the , the war in the Middle East . Yes , uh-huh . That , uh , l- , lots of new , uh , newsmen were created during that so , it will be interesting to see what happens . Uh-huh , true . Trying to think what else is , Right . is current . Uh , uh , Well , um , I do n't know what to say . Uh , that 's a bad one , they , uh , 

looks like we 're going to have an income tax in Texas , Yeah , I hate to see that , but it 's , uh , i- , that , you know , if what it 's going to take , well , you know , we can deduct that from our income tax , our federal income tax . Uh-huh . But , uh , you know , but we need good schools . Uh , we 're more involved in that now . And , I , I , I , I think it 's better for everybody if we had better schools . Yeah , that 's true . So , I would think they could find a better way to fund it though , but they have n't for , 

No . You know , I wish they could have gotten a lottery . Well , they 're struggling with it . Yeah . I think , you know , the lottery could have helped , with that . I mean , it would n't have been as painful as what we would 've paid in state income tax . 

I mean , probably would have paid the same amount but , you know , it 's not the idea of your paying , uh , income tax . Uh-huh . True . So , I , I 'm not sure there 's a positive solution for that . No . It 'll be interesting to see what happens . Trying to think what else is current . I , you know , I have n't seen the news in a couple of days . So it , uh , I 'm a little behind on things . 

Well , the other thing I can think of is , uh , what is still going on in Iraq -- Yes , that 's , that 's sad . -- and the Kurd refugees . Yeah . They , uh , yeah , they had to choose between the better of the two , two bad situations , and , Uh-huh . uh , I do n't know what I 've would have done in the situation . Yeah , it begins to make you wonder why we did n't go ahead and go on in and , Yeah . finish the job while we were in there . Right . But I understand why Bush , you know , does n't want to go in and , and uh , take sides . I mean , because that would definitely look like another Korea , Uh-huh . and he 'd have all these people jumping down his back , even though I 'd agree with it . I think he ought to , should 've gone in there and blew them away . Seems to have helped him though , Yeah , it , it , popularity wise . it did a lot . He did a real good job I believe . I have , uh , in-laws that live in Saudi Arabia that stayed there during all of it too . Hm . It , uh , it , uh , you know , we , so we kept very much abreast of what was going on . 

Yeah . Were , were they in any of the areas where they , Yeah , they were on some of the Scuds ? the , the , ne , near , uh , Dahran . Um . On the , Um-hum . on the wes , east coast . Yeah . They were just north of it . Um . Probably about a hundred fifty miles , hundred miles from uh , the Kuwaiti border . Uh , and they stayed active was the , uh , the military there . Taking supplies out to them in the desert . Uh-huh . It was , it was a new situation . Yeah . I 'll bet . I do n't really have much more to say . I do n't know anything else that 's current other than the weather and , You 're right , and that 's , that 's awful in Texas . Have , have you all been getting rain storms down there ? We got some awful rain , uh , the other morning . And today 's just been real drizzly . We did , we did last night . Uh , some real massive thunderstorms . Yeah . Apparently , I , I do n't know if it was just the strong winds or some small tornadoes up this way too . Uh-huh . Caused some damage . It did ? We may get some more tonight . Oh , well . We , we 've just got slight chances of rain . But , uh , we had the , we had the hard thunderstorms the other morning . Course while everybody was getting ready to go to work . Making nice traffic jams . So , Uh-huh . Well the , the ground here is so flat , and it 's all saturated now , Oh . we 're getting some flooding . Right , uh , when was it , last week , we had all the rain ? But , uh , we , I think we had about eight inches . Hm . It was between six and eight inches here where we are . Goodness . And , uh , it , you walk out on the ground , I mean you , I mean , it 's awful . It 's just so soggy . Yeah . It 's a lot more humid down that way . Yeah . In fact , miserable . Well , today it was , I mean , the air was just so sticky , so damp . Yeah , I think there were places around downtown Fort Worth last night they got three inches in a real short period of time , like an hour or so just , Goodness . a bunch . Well , I guess that 's it . Right . Well it 's , That 's about as much as we can do with current events . Right . Well , it was nice talking to you . Good talking to you , Michelle . All right . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 