Um , what 's our topic ? Taxes . Taxes . Do we pay too much ? Right . Right . Um , Well , do we ? What do you do ? Um , I guess that , I mean it all depends really on what kind of bracket you 're in . My tax bracket is , is pretty high up there . I pay the , I generally pay the maximum tax bracket . Uh-huh . And , uh , I think that we 're paying too much because I do n't have any children . Right . And I pay a lot of property taxes . Oh , sure . I do n't have any , um , I do n't , you know , I do n't use an awful lot of city services . It , it , you know -- Uh-huh . -- it 's like I have to work m- , I have to work all the time -- Uh-huh . -- just to make enough money to pay the taxes . Right . And , um , y- , there 's so many people who want a , a dib of the federal money -- Uh-huh . -- or the state money or whatever it is and I just , sometimes , many times I end up feeling like I 'm paying too much in taxes . Right . 

How about you ? Do you pay too much ? Uh , well , no , I ca n't really complain . I 'm a student , um , and I d- , I work as a co-op at , uh , Georgia Tech Research Institute . And , uh , I 'm going to get back most of what I earned , I mean most of what I pay in taxes and , uh , and , uh , Well , when you -- on- , one of my parents is still claiming me . 

Huh ? -- when you go out into the , uh , when you go out into the working world -- Uh-huh . -- it , it changes quickly . I 'm sure . Um , you look at your paycheck 

and you go , oh , my gosh where did it all go . Um , what kind of , what kind of , uh , well have you pay a lot of in ta- , have you been out working and then gone back to school or are you , did you go directly from high school into , into college ? I went , well I did work , um , just very MUMBLEx for some time but I did n't make enough money to really make , To worry about it . too much of a difference . Right . Have you , have you been active in , in politics trying to , concerning this ? Have you like worked on political action committees or something like that ? No , no , I have n't . I , uh , I have n't done any of that type of work myself . Uh-huh . Um , but every once in a while when I hear up here at , at , uh , in D C area , um , one of the radio stations has been talking about the , the Congress , um , Congress has added too towards the Members Bank there , you know , there 's a bank that they all bank with , and I guess it went defunct recently . Uh-huh . And one of the Congressmen has , has written in the last three years al- , about a thousand bad checks . 

Huh . 

And we , we the taxpayers float him a loan for all tho- , all those bad checks , Oh . no interest , no repayment schedule . Really ? And , um , it 's causing quite a stir up here , Uh-huh . because we 're so close to D C anyway . Uh-huh . It 's really kind of curious to watch this thing occur . Oh , sure . Um , I , I , I think we pay too much . And I 've , I look at my paycheck and I make , well , let 's see . They take out in state and federal taxes -- Uh-huh . -- I think I pay forty-two percent . Wow . Forty-two cents out of every dollar I make goes to the government , and then they charge me sales tax and they charge me gasoline taxes , 

Uh-huh . MUMBLEx taxes . and they charge me all these others , and it 's just too expensive . Uh-huh . I ca n't believe that I , I 'm just thankful that I do n't get all the government that I pay for . Huh . You know what I mean ? Yeah . Do you , have you used , um , student loans and things like that that were guaranteed by the government ? No , no , I have n't . Uh , I , uh , my father pays for my , my schooling , my tuition . So , uh , I 'm , I have n't made use of that . What are you studying down there ? Physics . Physics . Uh-huh . Oh , that sounds like a fun , fun field . Everybody says that . Scientific . Huh . Heavy science . Are you like in the particle , particle research or anything like that or is it more , um , applied physics ? Um , I have n't , I have n't gotten too terribly much into my major yet . Actually , um , the , the degree I 'm getting is physics . There 's a different one for applied physics so I guess you could call it more straight stuff -- Okay . -- than applied . Well maybe , maybe you can figure out how we can stop this inertia that 's , MUMBLEx come rolling towards , whatever it 's rolling toward . I doubt about that . Are , are , is America , I mean are we pretty , pretty steep compared to most countries ? Actually , I do n't think we are . No , I do n't think so either . Um , like , like Europe , Uh-huh . um , England . Uh-huh . I know the taxes are a lot higher . Uh-huh . But they do have socialized medicine and things like that . Yeah . And , um , I know I was reading in the paper I believe yesterday that , um , they 're talking , or maybe it was on the radi- , 