I do n't , guess we got our first , uh , credit card , oh , back in the seventies , early seventies when , 

Uh-huh . I first got married was a Visa card . Uh , issued out of a Liberty Bank in Oklahoma City , Uh-huh because my sister worked at the , uh , the Visa some Bank Americard center there . Uh-huh . 

So , we were still in college and had she not worked there I 'm not sure that I would have qualified . They 've come in handy over the years . Yeah . Uh , and they have become , or , also a , a real bother sometimes . Oh , tell me about it . Especially , you know , if you catch yourself short on cash or if you 're on vacation , Uh-huh . it 's just easier to put everything on a card . Uh-huh . And , uh , I find if you 're not careful you wind up , uh , a month or so , staring those bills in the face and you go I do n't remember doing all that stuff and it adds up . Yeah , they add up quick . So , sometimes , uh , especially traveling with T I , Uh-huh . you know , everything goes on American Express , Uh-huh . and it makes it a whole lot easier for bookkeeping . Yeah . But , uh , as far as personal life goes , I guess , I really try to use them as little as possible , uh , I kind of like having them for , uh , gasoline purchases . Yeah , we like to keep one on hand just for emergencies , you know . But , Yeah . But other than that , uh , I , I guess over the years tried to avoid the national credit card syndrome , Uh-huh . of just putting everything on there day after day after day and then , Yeah . then you really get socked to it , if you do n't watch it . How , how do you look at counting credit cards ? We just , uh , quit using them . Well , that 's , And they got us in trouble , we took a loan and paid them all off . We keep them , uh , we keep , uh , one gas card and , uh , and , uh , Visa just , you know , in case there 's an emergency or , Right . something but other than that we do n't use them anymore . Well , that 's kind of the way we were doing it 's , uh , Uh-huh . 

I guess for that very reason that , that , uh , if you 're not real conscious of what you 're doing , Uh-huh . it 's just too much by the time you get , well , if you got a bunch of cards , Uh-huh . you get a bunch of bills every month and for some strange reason those people think they need to get paid . I know , is n't that funny ? Yeah . And I give them , maybe not , maybe they 're not really concerned about getting paid because they 're , know if you do n't , then they 're adding on , what , eighteen , nineteen , twenty percent . Sometimes , Yeah . it 's twenty-two percent interest . Yeah , and then some of them add late fees on it , Yeah . if they do n't get paid and , I guess that 's one of the motivations behind the , Uh-huh . the , uh , Huh . MUMBLEx the , uh , American Express card with T I , there 's no , Huh ? with the American Express card from T I , Uh-huh . there 's no , um , late fee , there 's no , uh , interest rate , Oh , really ? you ei- , you either pay the thing off or they come get it . And it 's turned into personnel and they come get you . So , they 've got quite a bit more motivation I think to get paid then , Oh , yeah . some of the others do . Yeah . But that 's the one that your call center manager sees every month , Uh-huh . so , you 're a little bit more careful about what you put on that , even though you can use it however you want to . Oh , yeah . Oh , you can ? You can use it like any other card , Uh-huh . and , uh , Oh , I see , huh . but , it , you know , you kind of , you know that somebody every month , and who knows how many people , Uh-huh . are looking at those , uh , bills that come in , and those statements , Uh-huh . you 're not the only one . Yeah . So , yo- , uh , you want to make sure that , uh , is that okay , is that o , okay , that those people see what it is that you are buying , Yeah . and most of the time it is . But , most of the others I 've sent back , I mean , all you get is card offers , I 've got three card offers now , Uh-huh . uh , from gas companies and , uh , Visa Gold and , uh , some , , other bank , uh , Citibank I think is always sending the Visa stuff out . And I usually just throw them away because I , Oh , I do too , I do n't even open them much , I throw them out . I do n't want another one , I do n't want to have to mess with it . You know you carry around a wallet full of credit cards , 

Uh-huh . and , uh , one of these days it 's going to all be full . A girlfriend of mine found a , it was a Visa or MasterCard , she found an ad for one in like a GOOD HOU- , HOUSEKEEPING magazine for eleven percent . Oh , that 's not bad . MUMBLEx shoot I need one of those . Yeah . No , if they do n't say , no annual membership on them , I 'll throw them away . Uh-huh . years ago , well , th- , I had my Visa card through this bank in Oklahoma City for , Uh-huh . oh , probably fifteen years , Uh-huh . and then they started charging , uh , annual membership fees , and I said , adios , I 'm , you know , I 'm not paying you , 

Why do they do that ? It 's just another way to make money , I mean , as far as I can tell . 

I mean , they 've been , I mean they get enough , you know , on the interest . Well , sure . And they , I guess , they figure they 've got enough people out there with cards , they 're going to get cards at the , Uh-huh . twenty bucks a pop . Uh-huh . There 's going to be that much more . Uh-huh . Uh , so , then a couple years ago I found , uh , a bank here in Plano that if you kept a minimum balance in any kind of account whether it was a savings account or what it was , you can get a Visa card through them and no annual membership . Uh-huh . So , I went over and just stuck three hundred dollars in my son 's savings account , in his name , and got my Visa card , 

so , Uh-huh . as long as they have no annual membership fee , Huh . I , it would be okay , but I ca n't see paying someone to use their card . No , I ca n't either . Be charged their eighteen percent interest , Yeah . Yeah , I think you 're right . The best philosophy is have them if you need them , but otherwise leave them tucked away somewhere . Yeah , really . Yeah . gets a lot of people in , in trouble . Yeah , it sure does . Maybe they 're counting on that , I do n't know . Well , I guess that 's it . Okay . 

Thanks for talking . Nice talking to you . Bye . Bye-bye . 