Well , tell me about your home . Okay . Uh , right now we 're living in , well it 's me , my wife and , uh , two young boys . And , uh , right now we 're in a , uh , I guess it 's either a zero lot line or a garden home . Uh-huh . Which you might call it . So we do n't have a , a big yard . Uh , but , uh , when my wife and I first moved in , it was just the two of us . So it was enough . Uh-huh . Uh , and it 's , uh , I guess what they call a story and a half . Because it 's not a full two story . Yeah . Where , you know , everything on top is on bottom . So , it 's got real high ceilings on half the house and the other half is just standard sized ceilings . Huh . And , uh , it 's about a five year old house now . It sounds nice . It 's , uh , pretty nice . Unfortunately , the builder who built it went out of business already . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . It was a , Landmark is the one who built it . Yeah . Well , you know , these guys that gambled high -- Yeah . -- lost big you know . That 's true . And , uh -- Exactly what happened to them . -- I 'm insulating myself from that problem . I 'm building my own house . Oh , that 's nice . And as I look out the window of my trailer , I can envision all the insulation that 's going up today . Oh , really . Yeah . Are you doing it yourself ? Yeah . Wow . I used to be a builder . Oh , that 's nice . And I retired about five years ago and -- Oh , I see . -- started college . Huh . And now I 'm a college educated builder MUMBLEx . There 's still no work , you know . Yeah . So , uh , you know , I decided this summer that , uh , you know , we had enough credit on the credit cards to buy the materials so I did . That 's great . 

And , uh , see the , the , the state has a law that says you can not borrow the money to build your own home . R- , is that so ? I did n't know that . You can borrow the money to pay somebody else to build your house but you ca n't borrow the money to build your own . Well that sounds kind of dumb . Well , it 's to protect the , the banks from guys that say yeah I want to build my own house and go out a build a spec home -- Uh-huh . -- and then it does n't sell and then the bank 's -- Yeah . -- holding the bag . Yeah . Well . Huh . As , as you know , anything that involves the government is , works half as well as it 's supposed to costs three times as much . Right ? That 's right . Hence the savings and loan problem we have . Yeah , that 's true . But , uh , you know , my home is , uh , fairly simple . It 's designed to be added on to . Uh-huh . That 's good . Yeah . Well , I figure it 's just me and my wife but , you know , I like to do stuff with my hands and whatnot , so I want -- Yeah . -- to have a shop . How big a lot do you got it on ? Ten acres . Wow . That 's nice . That 's real nice . Well , yeah . It 's really nice too because I ca n't see my nearest neighbor . He 's on the other side of a hill . Oh . And my second nearest neighbor is a dot on the horizon . Seriously . God . That 's pretty good . Well , in the winter time , I can see , see another guy but , you know , he 's -- Uh-huh . -- I can just make out his place , you know . Yeah . I 've got a thirty mile view to the east and about ten miles to the north . Yeah . And , uh , Oh , that 's pretty good . 

Yeah . Well , I took a lot of time in choosing this site -- Uh-huh . -- because the , the house has no heating or air conditioning . Oh , you , you , you do n't plan on putting any , any of that in ? 

Well , it 's got a , a very small furnace . Uh-huh . And a , uh , we 'll use a wood burning stove as well . 

Yeah . But , in the house itself , I 've been working inside , you know , these , lo- , these many months -- Uh-huh . -- and I have not had to use the heat . Wow . Because it 's all geothermal . Yeah . That 's pretty good . And with all the , see I 've got , on the south side is all glass . Well , as much as I could get in it , you know . Yeah . And , uh , the east side is glass . I 've got one , two , three , four , five , six windows in the east side on forty-eight feet . So it 's almost all glass . Wow . And , uh , My wife would love that . Oh , yeah . I mean , you know . She loves lots of windows . There 's no place in the house where you can stand and not see four windows . 

That 's great . So , uh , Is it a single story ? Well , not really . 

It 's , uh , it 's on the side of a hill . Oh , I see . So the first , you know , the , the , the , what I call residential level -- Uh-huh . -- at the side that 's in the hill is about four feet deep . Um , I see . And the side that 's on the , uh , the other side is about six feet high . Oh . So I 've got a pretty good grade there . Yeah . And then when I put the verandas whi , which will be twelve feet out all the way around on the north , south and east sides -- Uh-huh . -- that will define the shop . Yeah , that 's kind of like , like a Victorian style ? Exactly . Yeah . I , I 've always liked that . The , you know , I , we do n't have much yard but I built a small deck in the back . Uh-huh . But , you know , I , I see these magazines where , you know , dig your , your own deck . Uh-huh . I , I kind of wish I had them , those size property and , and , uh , one with a grade on it so I can build a real nice deck . 