Okay , what kind of puppy you got ? Well , uh , I think she 's mostly German Shepherd . Uh , she was , uh , uh , a person lives across the street from me , uh , brought her home from work because a coworker of hers , uh , had this dog appear on its front doorstep , Uh . somebody , somebody abandoned her and , Uh-huh . she 's only about , oh , si- , between six and eight , six to eight weeks old and , Oh . uh , uh , I ca n't understand why anyone would abandon this dog , though . She 's , o- , I mean she 's that , this young and she 's almost housebroken . Wow . I mean she actually asks to go out . That 's great . And , uh , yeah I was amazed . 

Really good temperament and very playful and affectionate , good personality . I do n't know , I ca n't imagine what , uh , would have been wrong with this dog , so . Yeah , well I , I have a dog that God gave us too , . Uh-huh . Yeah , she just appeared . Oh , really . Yeah , my husband calls her street dog , but we 've had her now for about three years , Uh-huh . and I just , you get so attached to them . Oh , yeah . I had a , uh , last year I had ano- , I had another German Shepherd , now this one was purebred and , uh , he , when he was about seven months old got a gastrointestinal virus and was just about on death 's door but , uh , managed to get him to a veterinarian in time , Uh-huh . and , uh , and on huge doses of antibiotics , Um . and he actually got over it with , y- , seven hundred dollars in vet bills , Wow . um , but he had actually was able to get him over that . Uh-huh . And then he was gaining weight again , was just getting healthy , and , uh , he put on about fifteen to twenty pounds after the thing and then he got hit by a Cadillac . Oh no . So , I could n't believe it . That was , that was really hard . Oh , gee . And that was even harder for , I was on a business trip at the time and the dog was being house sit , or dog sit , whatever , by some friends of mine down the street , Uh-huh . so they just felt absolutely awful . Oh , I bet . And I felt , felt probably worse for them than , than for me because , oh gosh they , the , uh , this fellow 's wife who was , uh , watching the dog , pro- , she , I think she loved that dog more than I did and , uh . Oh gosh . She was jus- , really attached to it , but , uh , it 's unfortunate , but now , I 've got another one , so . Yeah , yeah . How long has it been since the first one ? Uh , see , he , it , it was just over a year . Uh , yeah , Uh , it was in March of last year . So , uh , yeah , it 'd been , did n't , did n't have one for a whole year . Yeah . Well I had , I had a German Shepherd before this one and when she died it just , it just absolutely destroyed me . I mean I was just , , you know , Yeah . I could n't even talk about it for months and so I decided well that 's it , I 'm not going to do this anymore . Right . And then God gave me this dog , so . My dad 's like that , he , uh , he had a beagle that he loved and , uh , when that beagle passed away , uh , he did n't want , he was n't going to have another dog , there 's no way , Uh-huh . no how , and then , uh , the , he the beagle died in I guess about October and by Christmas time we went down to the pound and got him , uh , I or , I gue , Humane Society and got , uh , got another one , a stray . Yeah . And she , she turned out to be a great dog and we had her for six years until she just passed away recently and again dad went through the whole thing , but , Okay , yeah . mom went an , Well you just do , Yeah . you ca n't help i- , it 's like , it 's like a kid . Yeah , it is . Well hopefully this one here , Cocoa will live a full life . Yeah , well when , uh , my , my doggie , uh , that we have now , uh , she 's , she 's mostly Golden Retriever . Uh-huh . The vet called her , uh , a golden mix , Yeah . like who knows , you know . 

Right . But she 's , uh , she 's that sort of strawberry blonde reddish color , you know . Oh . And , uh , and her nose is that pink , you know , Uh-huh . she does n't have a brown nose , and her ey- , she 's sort of unicolor , you know , Yeah . eyes are the same color and everything , so . I named her Rosebud , and , uh , a friend of mine said , th- , she , that she gre , this friend of mine grew up on a farm and said that she had , uh , a pet cow named Rosebud 

and she said there 's a lot of longevity in that name , said my cow lived seventeen years . That 's not too bad . Golly the Golden Retrievers are good dogs too , they 're kind of like , get that permanent smile to them , Yeah , right . they 're always , always happy . I do n't think I 've ever seen them not look happy . 

And she 's so easy going and so sociable , Yeah . You know , she loves everybody . And little kids can just , you know , maul all over her , Right . and she just , you know , thinks it 's great . This , this friend of mine has , th- , well it 's the same guy that was watching , uh , my German Shepherd when he got hit , but , uh , went fishing with him on Friday and took , he 's got a full , a pure bred Golden Retriever and then I had , uh , the puppy , a little tiny puppy and we went and took the two dogs up fishing . And this , they just , they had a ball romping around , Uh-huh . and , you know , you ca n't get a Golden Retriever near water without it jumping in . Getting in , yeah . And , uh , this Golden Retriever jumped in the , the , really fast moving , uh , river current , and , uh . Oh , no . Well no , actually he had no trouble at all . He first jumped in and I , 

he 's , he 's just about a year old himself and never had really , I do n't think he 'd swum before . Really . But he jumped in , in the , the river . Did puppy go to ? Well the puppy jumped in the , into some of the pools but not into the , I was careful to keep her away from the , Oh , that 's good , yeah . the fast moving water , 'cause if she fell in then I 'd of been , had to go in after her . And up here the water 's probably about forty degrees right now . Ugh , ugh . And I would not have been fun trying to retrieve her , but , uh , this dog , Dennis jumped in and got this look on his face like what do I do now , as he 's floating down the river then finally discovered that he could swim and , uh , actually paddled up against the current and , uh , made it back to the shore and climbed up and then , he , he jumped in again , and he was swimming for quite a bit , all afternoon . He loved it . Yeah , Cocoa did n't think too much of it , though . She jumped in and then started screaming and made me pull her back out . I pulled her out and , uh , then had to wrap her up in a sweatshirt because she was shivering so bad , Yeah . and so , but , uh , she got over it , so . Well the German Shepherd that I had before , we , we had a little pool , Uh-huh . and , uh , she was , she did not want any part of swimming but she liked to , to get in the pool on the first step . She 'd just get on the first step and lay down . Uh-huh . You know in the summertime when it 's really , really hot . Yeah . And she 'd just lay there on that step and just , you know , cool off . Yeah , 

I 've , I live right across the street from a , a big lake here , um , 

it 's on Oneida lake and I 'm wondering if , uh , if she 'll want to go out there and go swimming next year . I mean , I 've got , the yard 's all fenced in so she does n't run loose , but , uh , 

Uh-huh . she could go in sometime when , if I 'm watching her , so . 

Yeah . Well the one that we had just did n't want any part of that . Oh really . 

Yeah , and she , oh baths . Oh gee , she hated baths worse than anything . It was , it was just really a fight to , you know , get her clean . Yeah . Have you seen , uh , CANINE . No , no . The movie , oh , you 've got to see it . Especially since you have a German , 

it is so cute . Oh really . Yeah , and , uh , an part of the , the movie is where he 's trying to clean this dog up and it 's , it 's just hysterical . Oh , okay , my my dog , last German Shepherd , it was a real chore trying to give him a bath too . And that was the thing I could n't figure out because he would go in the lake , it was n't like he did n't -- Uh-huh . -- i- , normally , I mean he did n't seem to have a problem with getting wet , but if you wanted to get him wet , forget it . Yeah , well that 's how Cleo , w , you know , she 'd lay on her step , Yeah . but that was , that was the only time she wanted to get wet and she did n't want you getting her wet . Right , right , obstinate , obstinate . 

Yeah , but you really need to see that movie . I , I w- , we bought the movie and I don , I do n't know how many times I 've seen it . Uh-huh . And it came on T V the other night and I was watching it again , and my husband heard me laughing and he said I ca n't believe that you 're still getting such a kick out of that movie . I 'll have to check it out . I saw the , the , uh , previews for it and all and it did look like it 'd be a good mo- , movie , but , It is great . uh , really have n't had a whole lot of time to get out to see the movies lately . Yeah . But , I got to do more , more fun things . Well we always wait until we can rent them , you know . Yeah , yeah . Well I 'm , uh , I 'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force and so I travel a lot . Oh really . And yeah , I 'm a engineer at , uh at the laboratory , Rolm Laboratory , Griffis Air Force Base , up here , so . Oh . That 's how I got into , uh , into the switchboard project and all that , so . Uh-huh . But it 's nice having a dog here , uh , the , Oh , yeah , there 's just , Un- , un- , uh , what 's the , unrequir , what 's the word I 'm looking for , uh , lots of affection , no co- , Right , unconditional affection from the , from the dog . that 's it . Yeah , yeah . Really , not critical at all . No , no . Yeah , they 're really wonderful . Yeah , 

well , it 's been nice talking to you , we seem to be degenerating here , so . 