Okay . When they first said the subject , my mind went kind of blank . I thought , Gee , I have n't taken anything back for a long time . Well , I have n't either , uh , I , I hate returning things . Yeah . I mean , I , I have a friend who , if she likes something , is n't sure what size somebody might need , will buy it in every color and size and , you know , take everything back again . Yeah . It 's , you know , it 's a game to her , but I , I do not like to do that . I consider it kind of a , a waste of my time . And so I 'm usually , uh , pretty careful when I shop -- Uh-huh . -- and I also , you know , usually have , have checked over things , you know , if it 's like an appliance or something to make sure , uh , it has the features in it that I want . Right . Now we 've had one lately , um , oh , a , uh , a Dustbuster Plus -- Uh-huh . -- that we bought , and we 've had it for a while , but all of a sudden it just was n't working , and it looks like there 's a part missing from it . My husband opened it up and whatever , and of course we do n't have the receipt any more , so we ca n't take it back . Of course , uh-huh . Uh , but , I think a lot of goods are made not to last real long -- Right -- -- uh , -- right , just to get you by five years and then you 'll throw it away rather than have it fixed -- Yeah . -- We 're , we 're a wasteful society , for sure . Well , that 's true , and lot of times though , it is , it costs so much to get something fixed -- Right . -- that you almost are just as well off buying another one -- Right . -- you know , if it 's , And you usually get what you pay for . We bought some walkie-talkies a couple of years ago for Christmas , and they were like ten dollars , and we expected them to work nice for the little kids , and they did n't work -- Uh-huh . -- worth anything . So we took those back , and that 's about that all that were taken back in ages . Well , yeah , I think a lot of times , if you get a brand name -- Yeah . -- uh , you know , if it 's a , a good brand , I , you , I think there 's , there can be a lemon in anything -- Right . -- but , uh , I think more often than not , you , you pretty well know what you 're getting ahead of time , and , uh -- Right . -- you know , if you buy a good one , you should n't have any , you know , too much of a problem with it , I mean , we , we had a car once that we tried to have declared a lemon under the lemon law -- Oh , really . -- which is -- It 's hard . -- extremely difficult to do . We never could get it declared a lemon , and the car would go and , without any warning whatsoever , you could be going down the freeway at sixty and it would stop -- Oh , wow . -- and I , there was just , 

you know , and , oh , we went round and round with the manufacturer and , and everything , and they got it finally semifixed , but it was such a hassle -- Uh-huh , and it just pertained to that . -- yeah , 

yeah it , it really is , uh , but , gee , this is , of all the topics I have had , I 'm doing this thing , this is kind of the strangest one . I , at first I thought of food , you know , because that 's what , mainly what I buy , it seems like , and , uh , you know , I still do n't have any , anything to do there , but , 

Uh-huh . But I , I think , too , a lot of people do n't buy their warranties either because they know that when it 's that old they 're going to buy a new one , so . Well , I think that 's true , and I , uh , now we generally do n't buy a warranty , because you think , you know , at least for the first couple of years , nothing should go wrong with it . Yeah , my husband is really good at fixing things , too , so he usually , be able to fix anything that 's minor , and -- Uh-huh . -- and that has saved us thousands of dollars , you know , from MUMBLEx to mechanic to -- Uh-huh . -- anything like that -- Uh-huh . -- but , but , it was interesting to , I do n't know if they 're making them better or not , I , it 's hard to say . Some , I think they more of their parts plastic , which , you know , makes things break easier , 

but I think the technology is better . Ye- , I think technology is better , I 'm , I 'm not sure . I think -- About quality . -- you 've got a good point with the plastic and that . I do n't think necessarily that , things are being made better -- Right . -- uh , you know , I , I , everything is so automated , uh , and things can be made without , I think -- Yeah , -- a human hand ever touching it , you know -- Yeah . -- an awful lot of things , and I think that certainly makes a difference from , back from the time when somebody handcrafted something and , you know , had some pride in it . Right . Well , people are n't willing to pay those prices very often , so , you know , for a handcrafted something , so -- Well , yeah , that 's -- -- so . -- that 's true . 

So , if we get what we what we deserve . Yeah , well , I , I do , uh , you know , craft work and sell stuff at shows and that , and uh , uh , you know , it 's , it 's , it 's a real eye-opener as far as , you know , why people charge what they do to , you know . 