Okay , we 're going to talk about the public school system , Okay . What 's wrong with it , an , or if anything is wrong with it and what we can do about it , what should be done about it . Fantastic . Well one thing that pops into my mind real quick is , uh , about the , uh , funding of , the , the school system right now . 

Yeah . Evidently , uh , that 's , that 's a big problem . Yeah , it 's amazing , uh , I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough , I mean , Right . to be doing what they 're doing , uh . When I was in college I , I enjoyed teaching , 'cause I did some teaching part-time and I really enjoyed that but I would n't want to go teach high school or junior high , it just , you know , all the problems . Oh , Lord , I mean , yeah , an , you talk about stress and pressure , I tell you what , it 's , uh , Yeah , they 're putting in fifty , sixty hours a week , I 'm sure , because they 've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready . Do , right . And , you know , and they 're being paid , probably half what most people being paid . Exactly , and , And we 're paying basketball people , you know , millions of dollars a year for , for what , you know . That 's right , and then they , uh , poof it off , you know , do like Tarpley . Yeah . But , uh , I MUMBLEx what gets me is I ca n't believe that Congress , uh , or , our state legislature ca n't come up with , uh , some kind of workable means to have funds for the school . You know , it 's , uh , I just do n't understand that . Yeah , it 's , uh . Now do you have little kids , or what ? No , uh , sure do n't , my wife and I 've just been married about two years but I have a sister that 's a , uh , school teacher , and , uh . Yeah , yeah , my wife and I have a , a three year old , almost four and a , a two year old . Okay . So we 're looking at the , the older one going to school next year . Not , not , well not this coming fall but the year after that . Okay , so it 's getting close . Yeah , he 's going to be going to kindergarten , so . Right . So , you know , we 're , we 're thinking about that . What 's that going to be like . Are they going to be taught nothing , or they going be taught something , we 're going to , we 're going to be involved in our child 's education . We 're going to be teaching him what we can at home , of course , Right . because , uh , I guess we do n't trust the school system , which is very sad , uh , but . Exactly . But if it does n't start at home , it 's not going to go anywhere . Right , that 's true . You know , 

and we 're going to try to teach him good values , because , you know , we , when , when they get to upper level school and they start teaching them , well hey , if you can play football or basketball that 's what 's important . Not if you can read or write , or do , or un , understand some science . Exactly . 

You know , I mean give me a break , that 's , that 's , that 's bogus . Right , right . Well and , uh , you know , one thing my wife and I 've talked about , i , are , uh , private schools . Yeah . You know whether , uh , uh , we would want to invest in , in private schools as they 're g , growing up , because , you know , just in the Dallas area , um , we 're not real comfortable with the , with the public schools . And Dallas , uh , school district just recently got an advised status because of their low quality schooling . Right . I could n't believe that . Right . You know , one , that 's one reason we bought a house here in Plano . 

We were hoping , you know , well the school district 's going to be good , you know , for resale value , and , Yeah . so on and so forth , but , uh , I can definitely , uh , see on down the road , you know , where we do have kids and are getting to that age , that 's going to be a definite concern . 

Yeah , we talked , you talked about before , about the school funding . I think there 's only going to be one solution to school funding which I do n't think will be necessarily the best way but I think what 's going to have to happen is there 's going to have to be tuition for grade school and junior high and high school kids . That 's the only way they 're going to fund it , because if they start raising taxes for property , and people are going to throw a fit . That 's , yeah , and , you know , that 's , taxes right now are political suicide . Oh , yeah . You know , 

and I do n't think any politician 's going to do that , so . Yeah , and the only thing , they , they would think of would be tuition , you know , if it works at colleges it will work down below . Right . And , you know , that 's going to , that 's going to affect the people that are having kids in school , of course , which is probably the only fair thing to do . But , it will be hard for those that people , that have , have in school because they have to pay out even more . Exactly . And , you know , it 's going to really hurt the , the middle class , uh , people , I think . Oh , yeah . Because , uh , they 're the ones that will probably have to , to carry the brunt of the load . That 's right . So , uh , And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and , and knives and everything , I mean , good grief what 's MUMBLEx . Yeah now , that 's , that 's just unbelievable to me , you know . I ca n't believe that . I mean when I was in junior high and high school that never happened . You never heard about that . Well yeah , we did n't , we did n't even think about it , you know . No . And now , you know , what do we have now . You know , got kids that , MUMBLEx either got a , you know , a Magnum gun school , like good grief . R- , right . I mean , I 'd , I 'd be afraid to be in school , I mean b , teaching , or even being a student and think what , what 's it going to be like for my , my youngest , an my oldest son , when he goes to school . What 's going to happen ? I mean I , I 'm afraid for him to go . Exactly , right . But there again , you ca n't hold them back . Another reason , yo- , and you want to encourage them , you know , to , to be active and everything in school , but , uh , you know , with all the peer pressure that 's going on , with all the negative things , it is , uh , it 's a tough environment to be growing up in . Yeah , and lot tougher than it was when I was going to school , and that was , well I was , I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine , so . Okay . That was what , twelve years ago , I guess . Right . So , you know , it 's lot different now . And what 's it going to be like in another twelve years when my , uh , oldest son is in high school . That 's right , that 's right . I 'm afraid to , I 'm afraid to even think about it . That , yeah , that is a scary thought , but , uh , I do n't know , I , I guess what you have to do is just , uh , keep in , uh , you know , encouraging them and , and , uh , uh , try to be open with them , so that y- , you can deal with the problems as they come up . That 's all you can do . Yeah , and . You got to , you got to be your child 's best friend , I guess , Right . even when they 're a teenager and they , you know are kind of standoffish , still you got to be their best friend because when they 've got problems , who they going to go to , their friends that are dealing drugs , or , or your parents . Exactly . 

You know , an , and if they go to their friends dealing drugs , they 're going to be in even worse shape . That 's right . And , and the schools do n't , do n't really encourage to stay away from that , you know , the schools are there to teach history and that we fought the civil war , etcetera , etcetera . They do n't teach them good values like drugs are bad . I , maybe I 'm wrong , because I have n't , you know , been in that kind of environment for a long time , but , Right . it just is amazing , you know , need to teach them good values . That 's true , that 's true , and , uh . Of course , wh- , if I say this is a good value , someone else is going to stand up and say , oh no . And the A C L U is going to get after them and have a lawsuit . Right . Which is going to take twenty years to resolve , you know . Well and I think , uh , you touched on it , you know , you 've got to start them at the home . Yeah . You know that 's where they , that 's where they get the , the deep rooted values and , That 's all you can do . and , and , uh , and that 's about right . Then you just have to hope and pray that , that everything , uh , works out , works out okay , so . That 's right . Well I got to be going , so , uh . Okay , well , hey , I appreciate the call . Nice talking to you today . You to . Have a good life , uh . 