Okay . I think the first thing they said , I have written this down so it would , is it p , do you think it 's possible to have honesty in government or an honest government ? Okay . You 're asking what my opinion about , Yeah . whether it 's possible to have honesty in government . Well , I suspect that it is possible . Uh , I think it probably is more likely if you have a small government unit where everybody knows everybody . Right . That 's a good point . But , uh , other than that I think maybe it just depends on how you define honesty . That 's an int , you know , that 's interesting . I had read something one time and it was just applying to governments in general , it was written many years ago . It said that it 's impossible to have a completely honest system of government because people who choose government for their positions are power seekers . And I thought that was interesting . It was n't just talking about our government . It was just government in general . From times past , you know -- Uh-huh . -- on and , 

So they 're saying that government officials would tend to be power seekers . Right . And that would be a next question to ask . or are they in there for their own gains , and personally I feel it 's probably , there 's probably some of each . Right . Yeah . But I think maybe a lot of them , um , say the more honest ones who are still looking out for themselves , it may be more matter of not what can I steal while in an office but how many friends can I make while , 

Uh-huh . I 'm in office . Yeah . And , you know , how good a name can I make for myself and so forth . So I guess it would be like anything else . Yeah . The president of General Motors probably has the same , Oh , yeah . And they talked , uh , the other , let 's see . Third question was how m- , MUMBLEx serving for their own gains do you think goes on , then they , that 's hard to answ , I 'm sure there 's a lot . But I agree with you , there 's a lot in business . I think that 's just , I think that 's very normal , I think I- , that we should not ex , I think , I think we put too much on politicians . We expect them to only be there to serve us , you know . I think a little more honesty in the campaigns would be , Yeah . more to the point . If you knew what you were getting when you voted , uh , That 's a problem , is n't it ? Yeah . It 's interesting because I 'm taking a Texas government class right now , and one of the things MUMBLEx it 's so easy to blame them to MUMBLEx a lot of times I think it 's our own fault . They lie to us because we do n't want to hear the truth . Yeah , they say you , And it , get the government you deserve . If they tell us the truth , we do n't elect them and , Uh-huh . Especially with all this fron- , co , stuff coming up here lately about people 's past , and I do n't know why anybody would want to get under that scrutiny anymore . It 's hard to imagine . Because it 's , I think it 's gotten just care- , well , we 're not talking about issues we 're talking about somebody 's personal life and , and we 're getting away from what we ought to be looking at . Yeah , and it almost seems like in order to avoid , uh , some of the scandal , you would have to have the kind of wife that you would only find , on , say in the Bobsy twins or , Right . something like that . You know , I also think it would be funny if we could know everything about the people that were in there and throw them out . I do n't think there would be too many left . So you 're taking a government course ? Uh-huh . At what ? The university ? Uh , at , uh , it 's T C J C . Tex- , Tarrant County Junior College . Oh . Yeah . Okay . And it 's really , it 's really enjoyable . I like it . And then they also , you know , ask can we eliminate , do you think we could make laws to eliminate all corruption , and I do n't think we can make laws to eliminate anything anyplace totally . You can make laws against corruption . Yeah , but that , But that does n't eliminate it , does it ? does n't mean , I do n't think making laws will stop it . I mean I do n't know how many laws you would have to have . I mean , No , sure did n't , Milwaukee , did it ? did it ? So no , I think you can legislate but I think there 's no way that you eliminate it all by legislating , and we would end up with so many more laws that , you know , I mean I just think that 's human nature that you 're going to have corruption in government , in business , personal life , I mean , you know . Actually , I think other countries may have it worse , uh , the Japanese government is always having a , some kind of a scandal . 

Right . Usually involving the Prime Minister or people very close to him . Yeah . So , uh , Yeah , I still believe I get very fed up with government sometimes but when I think about where I 'd want to go , you know , this is still the best or I can , Yeah , I 've been around to a few other countries and I , uh , I , I have not found one yet that I would rather live in . I think , uh , Yeah . 

Yeah , 

at its worst I think we 've got the best . 