

Uh , books . Yes . Mainly I read the Bible these days . That 's very good . I do , too . Good , that 's great to hear . Uh , and Christian literature . Uh-huh . Uh , I 've kind of , I used to read a lot of , uh , novels , but it seems as though if you really want to set a t- , side time to read the Bible and you work and -- Uh-huh . -- and whatever , uh , that pretty well takes up your time for reading . Yeah , it does . It , And I , I been praying that God would put a desire to read the Bible in my heart and he really has . It 's getting , That 's good . to where a just really want to read it . That 's good . It , it , it 's , uh , it 's hard for me to find time , also , to read . Uh , a lot of times I do just read magazines and stuff like that for , you know , because I do n't have a lot of time , but when I do get to sit down and , and read , I like to read the Bible and I like to read , I read to my daughter a lot , too . Do you ? And , uh , I like to read , you know , Bi- , 

I have Bible storybooks -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- so I like reading those to her and she really enjoys those . So that 's good . And it , and it 's kind of short because we do n't , woe do n't have a lot of time , Uh-huh . to , to read , so , it 's real enjoyable . Yeah . For both of us . Have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti 's ? Frank E no I guess I have n't . Uh , THIS PRESENT DARKNESS and , uh , uh , I forget the t- , the other , well he , uh , he 's also written a lot of children , how old is your daughter . Five . Five , okay , he 's written some children 's books as well and they 're all spiritually , 

Oh , really ? 

uh , oriented , yeah . What 's his name again ? Peretti , Frank E Peretti , Frank E Peretti . P E R E T T I . I have to look for those . Uh-huh . Yeah , do because , uh , I love to read his , his , uh , children 's books just , Just to read them . Well , that 's good . 

Yeah , 

oh , they 're good , they 're great . That 's good . And it 's like , uh , uh , usually about a family of , uh , archaeologists -- Uh-huh . -- and the spiritual fights that they get into , Oh . like , uh , uh , digging in old ruins , Yeah . and running across , like , uh , the old gods and things . Oh , that sounds pretty neat . Yeah , it is . It 's real exciting . Oh , I 'll have to look for those . And it also teaches them spiritual warfare -- Right . -- you know , so , Well , that 's neat . Well , I , I have a , my daughter has PRECIOUS MOMENTS collection -- Uh-huh . -- and I like that because it 's a , it 's real easy to , uh , follow for her , you know , uh , gosh , if , if I read straight out of the Bible to her she 'd never understand any of it . Well , it 's hard for me . That 's right . 

It is , it is real hard to , to follow and understand , Uh-huh . and , uh , I 've got a Bible that , uh , has a little bit of a , uh , a glossary in the back and it helps explain who people are . That 's , that 's about the hardest thing is , who 's related to who . I know it , and especially it 's hard to keep your interest -- Yeah . -- in those begats . Yes . Yes , it sure is , but , but it is good reading and it 's good for us , Uh-huh , that 's right . and and everything . I really do enjoy it . But , uh , I also , but then on the other extreme I like to read , uh , uh , I guess ho , I do n't know , horror , Steven King type books . Uh-huh , yeah , I 've read a lot of his , too . The , and I , I like that , that 's good fun reading . Yeah . Ca n't put them down . No you ca n't , you really ca n't . They are good and ooh they just , they 're just so suspenseful . Uh-huh , yeah . I really do enjoy his . Uh , there 's another guy . Oh , what can , what is his name . Oh , durn , you would , well 

you know when you 're recording you ca n't re , remem , I know . Uh , oh , Dean , uh , Kratz , or Kranz or , Judith Krantz ? 

Y- , who ? Judith Krantz . I know her . Uh , no , it 's a guy . Oh , okay . And he , he writes the same thing , though . It 's that real , Oh . gruesome , Ooh . horror stories . Yeah . That 's good . Yeah . Koontz . Uh , his last name ends in a Z , I know that . Yeah , oh , I think I know who you 're talking about . Uh , I 've seen , I do n't think I can pronounce it either , but . Yeah , uh , Yeah , I 'm in a book club and I think I 've seen his books -- Uh-huh . -- in there . I 've never read any of his . But they 're real , I kind of got burnt out on Steven King , though . It seems like it 's all the , did you ever read the , uh , uh , oh , it 's one of his first books , THE STAND . Yes . That , oh , that long thing . I know it . And that seems like all of his books have kind of come from that , I mean . 

Yeah , they do kind of follow or , You know , that , Are similar . Uh-huh . I love that book , though . I thought it was great . Yeah , it really was , and I loved THE SHINING . Ooh , yes . That was , that was my favorite . Oh , those hedges when they started moving . Yeah , yeah . Whenever they , they made that into a movie , I was thinking oh , my gosh if they show that , I 'll just die . For some reason that scared me more than anything . Yeah , that is , he just brings stuff alive , you know . Yeah . You could just visualize everything . Uh-huh . That 's , And that was a pretty scary movie , too . Yeah , I think they did a pretty good job , but , Yeah . they did n't follow it exactly , but they did give it , you know , do it justice . Uh-huh . That 's right . But , uh , most of the time they do n't with , when , follow books very well when they make them into movies . Yeah , that 's true . I liked IT as well . Yeah , yeah , uh , That 's , I did , too . another big fat one . Yeah . Yeah , that was good . I liked , uh , I also liked , uh , CUJO . Did you read that one ? Yeah , And , except it broke my heart . Yeah , I 'm a dog lover . Me , too . And then , uh , NIGHT STAND , is that NIGHT , No , it was , uh , DEAD , DEAD ZONE . That 's one I liked . What ? DEAD ZONE . Oh , yeah . That was a , I 've read that one , too . That was a real good one . 

He 's written a lot of books . Boy , he just sits down eight hours a day . I know it . Just like any other job . Right , and then he has some under , uh , another name . 

That 's right . That he 's written . That one about the Gypsies , or that , Yeah . hunger or , s- , uh , Yeah , uh , I think his name was Bachman . He wrote under the name of Bachman . Yeah , Richard Bachman . Yeah . He is really interesting . Yeah , he 's so prolific . Yeah . Ooh , I wish I could do that . Oh , I know it . And I have gone back and , after I , I graduated , I read some of the old classics that I just bluffed my way through -- Uh-huh . -- and have found that I enjoy them quite a bit , too , uh , I do , too . I love old , good old , Once you can get into the language , you know , the l- , Yeah . It 's like , it 's English , but it 's not the same English they speak today . Right . 

So it 's kind of hard to keep , you know , at it , but -- That 's true , but I , That 's , that was one of my favorite subjects in school was , uh -- -- literature . 

Yeah , me , too . I used to love those old , good , good old books . Uh-huh . I did n't mind doing that at all . Nathaniel Hawthorne is pretty scary himself . Yeah , yeah . I liked , uh , oh , gosh why ca n't I think of their names , uh , , shoot , the one that wrote , uh , WUTHERING HEIGHTS . No , No that was another one . Yeah , yeah . Uh , well , you know who I 'm talking about . Yeah . Yeah , those are good old -- Yeah , uh-huh . -- good old books and classics , that 's right . Right , right . Sure is neat . That 's why I like to watch that MASTERPIECE THEATRE on channel thirteen , Yeah . because they 'll take a classic and , and , uh , televise it -- Right . -- you know , put it into a viewing format , 

Right . more or less . A lot of people just do n't have time to read nowadays . Uh-huh . I know it 's , it 's really hard for me . I work two jobs and -- Do you ? -- uh , have my daughter and teach Sunday school and go to school , myself , so it 's , it 's hard for me to -- Well , I can imagine . -- sit down and read , but when I do I just , just love it . Yeah , yeah me , too . Well , I think we 've accomplished five minutes so , I think we have , too . Thank you very much . It 's good talking to you . You , too . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 