Well , we , in , in , in our family , have been pretty remiss in trying to , uh , you know , keep track of , uh , daily finances . Uh , the , uh , way back , what , twelve years ago or something when I got my first computer , I did what everybody else does , which is to put the whole family budget on the machine and put checks , and , you know , checkbooks and all this kind of thing and we kept that going for about a month and it became so onerous that we gave up on it . Uh-huh . That sounds about right . You know , so , uh , the only thing we 're , you know , that we do now is , uh , I keep a , a little spread sheet of , uh , what I call the net worth calculation which is just the , the present value of various kinds of investments and so worth . Uh , and I only update that , oh I do n't know , maybe once every quarter or so . Every three months . Just , basically when the statements come in . Uh-huh . You know . Just to see whether or not we 're falling , you know , getting ahead , falling behind or staying even or what . Right . Uh , that 's really about , you know , the extent of , uh , of the kind of , uh , financial score keeping that we 're doing . Uh . Well it 's kind of difficult for me . Because right now , uh , like most teachers , I 'm laid off and -- Huh . Oh dear , that 's terrible . -- so , um , I spend most , you know , I substitute a lot . Uh-huh . So it 's a lot , it 's very hard on a nonfixed income because I do n't know how many days I 'm going to be called in and whether I am or not , to try to keep track of finances . 

Uh-huh . And , but I know how much I have to bring in a month . And that 's about it . That 's about as far as we go . And then anything extra is , you know , more or less split up between all of us . Uh-huh . And just thrown in the kitty , more or less , for a rainy day . Oh , I see . Are you , are you married ? Are you living with a bunch of , with , with people that you 're sharing expenses ? Uh , no . I 'm a single mother . I have three children . Oh , I see , 

uh-huh . So , uh , right now , we 're on , we get f- , you know , aid from the state at this point because there 's no other way to do it . And my ex-husband just sort of took off and does n't pay child support . Oh dear . So right now I know what I 'm getting from the state and , uh , I have to balance , more or less , what I get from the state with my bills and , uh , you know , try to work as many days as possible . Uh-huh . Any time they call me in . But I still have to figure out . If I work too many days , then I lose all my state aid and if I do n't work enough days then I do n't get enough to meet the bills and it 's like a juggling act every single month . Uh-huh . Like this week I 've been just holding my breath and hoping they 'll call me in but they probably wo n't because next week the kids have school vacation . I see . So , you know , the four days before , they only have a four day week -- Uh-huh . -- and they usually do n't need subs because everybody 's pretty good about coming in . A- , oh , I see . They do n't like to be absent before a vacation . Oh , sure . But we 're shopping around as far as , well I 'm shopping around as far as trying to get , uh , that 's why I 'm doing this , to get some extra money . Uh-huh . And , uh , getting pledge sheets for the Boy Scouts . My kids are in Boy Scouts so trying to get pledge sheets for the Boy Scouts because every penny I bring in is ten percent to me . So it 's sort of helps defray the costs a little bit . But , you know , we do a lot of robbing Peter to pay Paul . I guess we 're in the situation that a lot of am- , middle-class Americans are in . Uh-huh . Yeah , 

you 're the first , you know , uh , my next door neighbor just lost his job . Oh , my Lord . In a , you know , one of these , uh , his company went broke . I mean went , you know , bankrupt . Actually , it was a subsidiary of a , of an outfit called U S Shoe or something . I- , i- , it was a computer subsidiary . I do n't know what a shoe company 's doing running a computer company . Really . But , uh , you know , they just folded it up and , uh , uh , told him to , they took the top management and gave them jobs -- Uh-huh . -- with the , with the corporate , uh , at the corporate front office and everybody else was sent packing . Oh . Uh , hang on one second I 've got -- Sure . -- uh , MUMBLEx somebody was knocking on my door here . Uh , it sounds like , in a certain sense , at least at the present , I mean , it sounds , sounds terrible to say , 

but at the present stage , you probably are even more in the market for a , a budgetary thing than , than most people probably ar , might be . Right . In terms of keeping , keeping score of input and output . Uh-huh . Definitely . Do you have , do you have a computer at home or , Uh , yes we do . And we try -- Uh-huh . -- to , you know , I keep track of every penny . Uh-huh . And , more or less , enter it in . Every single day I 'm at the computer . I see . And , it 's like , okay , what do we have left , what do we have to pay , what -- Uh-huh . -- have we paid this month . What has n't come in yet , you know . Yeah . Have you , do you use a standard , uh , a standard spread sheet or I mean , 