Well , I , I 've been , uh , I have probably had more time than you have to think about this subject , Uh-huh . so I 'll tell you , is it a serious problem ? Yes , I do -- Yeah . -- believe it 's a serious problem . Uh-huh . However , there are solutions to it . Uh-huh . And foremost , uh , where we compare w- , that we are now doing fifty percent of our , uh , people are voting . Uh , we 're probably making a comparison against , uh , some European and , uh , and , uh , uh , s-s-say , newer republics that , uh , Uh-huh . that have very high percentages . Uh-huh . Uh , so , uh , one of the reasons , uh , that , uh , o- , one of the reasons that we could get , uh , one of the reasons that it is lower in the United States is that mostly we hold it on Tuesdays . God knows why we hold it on Tuesdays . And then we further -- What ... -- complicate it by saying , you know , we will keep the polls open until eight o'clock . Right . Most people , uh , a great number of people now work at various , at different jobs that , if a third of the people are shift workers , they wo n't be able to get to the , to the polls in any case . If they , uh , have to work late into the evening and not get up . My solution Right . to that is that we hold it on Sundays . As do probably sixty to seventy percent of the European countries now . Oh , really , they hold it on the weekends ? They hold it on the week- , no they hold it on a , either a -- Sunday . -- Saturday or a Sunday , Uh-huh . or at least a day when , when , uh , a great number of people are not working . Huh . I- , in America that is not true because a , a great number of people work on Sundays . Well , uh ... Bu- , but that is one of my solutions . Uh ... I , I know here in Dallas that they have just instituted in the last couple of years , a , uh , a real long period of time that you can absentee vote before the elections . And they , I do not think they have seen a really high -- Have you absentee -- -- improvement . -- voted in , in -- No . -- in Texas ? No , I always vote . Well , I have absentee voted in , uh , New Hampshire , and it is a fairly , fairly complicated process where you have to go -- Oh , really . -- pick up the ballot . I do not say that it is that complicated , but part of the process also is that you must register , preregister at some particular point . New Hampshire is fairly easy but other states -- Huh . -- you have to register every couple of years . And , uh ... To absentee vote specifically ? Well , to vote , to vote , to just vote . Oh . So registrations are perhaps a , a problem also . And we 're the mobile , mobile society , uh , Uh-huh . People are always mo- , you know , one out of every seven people moves every year . Uh , th- , that is almost a fourteen percent turnover every , Uh-huh . you know , if you compound that , that , uh , eh- eh , th- , i- , if it is difficult to register to vote , that would remove your eligibility to vote . But I do not think it is difficult enough to prevent people who are motivated in the first place , Well . who , or , who are not just motivated who really believe that their , they , their voice is heard . I mean , and the people that I have talked to ... Well maybe that is another factor , the motivational factor . The motivational factor is probably ... Right . I think that is the biggest one . I ... That 's the biggest problem . I ... 

Well , that 's diminished by , w-we have noticed this in particular . I , I 'm just read two books , one of them is WHOSE STARS AND STRIPES NOW ? Uh-huh . THE , uh , TRIVIAL PURSUIT OF THE PRESIDENCY IN NINETEEN EIGHTY-EIGHT . Oh , really ? It 's a fairly decent book . I mean Huh . it 's , uh , it 's preceded by , uh , several other books by these guys . Uh , WAKE ME UP WHEN IT 'S OVER was about the eighty-four elections . And I forget what the other books were ,  but any case , uh , i-i-it is , uh , uh , the mar- , uh , uh , th- , th- , there was , uh , BLUE SMOKE AND MIRRORS was the one in eighty-two . Uh , they , these guys , uh , have taken the place of Theodore White on reporting elections . In any case , they say that , uh , there 's a definite trend , uh , well , you know , toward candidates using negative voting . It is the only way that you can use television effectively . 

I do n't understand that . Why do , uh , is that just because they have such a low opinion of the public ? And the public 's , uh , No , the public -- gullibility ? -- would rather hear something negative about the other guy th- , uh , than , than a positive factor . And y- , and , you know , to if you , if you go on the attack , i- , and put some sensational thing before the public , as Mike Dukakis learned in the last campaign , 

and it is not refuted , people will , you know , uh , believe it . If you do n't refute it , as he did n't , there must be some truth Well , he did refute it . to the matter , see . He , he refuted it , it just was not effective enough to ... Well , he did n't refute it til the last two weeks of the campaign . He did n't believe anybody would believe that . And indeed his trend started upward . Well that see , I , I did n't believe anybody would believe that either . I , I , I guess I Well , they do . have a hard time coming to terms with the , the fact that the American public really was , you know , so ... Well , do n't give too much credit to the American public for their motivational ability .  And , and , and it ... Well , then how can a democracy work then ? Well , it , uh , well , I do n't know . How , how can it work ? Is it working ? I mean that 's , that 's the question . I guess the question also is that we discovered , is that they do n't throw rascals out . Everybody seems -- Right . 

-- disappointed , but they do n't throw the rascal out , their own rascal . Right . Uh , my , my solution to , to part of this is , is to , to make it a-a-an , an economic incentive for people to vote . That sounds rather crass , I think , because -- What ? -- then , then you are saying , well , uh , y-y-you  know , y- , in- , y-y , it could be c , convoluted in many ways where people would actually , uh , by paying them , I mean , you know , you would take a certain amount off their income tax or property tax or whatever . 

Huh . But th- , it would be very difficult to administer because I am sure that any time money and votes are involved , it just , the whole thing Well , just stinks . how about , how about the reverse of that ? When I have heard about England 's elections , they are allowed to run for what , a total of six or eight weeks . Even for the higher offices in the , in the land . What if we totally took money out of the camp- , eh , ma- , just severely limited the campaigns so money was n't so much of an issue ? I feel like , if ,  if we did that people would have a lot higher confidence that their vote was counting rather than their contributions would count . Yeah , but the idea is to get the individual to the polls , a-a-and we have to make it as easy as possible for him to get to the polls . I do n't , I do n't care how easy it is for them , I do not think they are going to because they do no think that their , that anybody listens to their vote . They think whoever has the b- . They really think that the packs , you know , no matter what you 're promised during a campaign , and these days we are promised hardly anything of substance . Oh , you mean the special interest groups ? Right . And , eh , and , eh , y- , no matter what a , a , candidate promises during the campaign , i- , which is n't very much , specif , any , th- , they do not promise anything specific these days . But whatever you are promised , they just , they just reverse themselves depending on who pays them what once they get into office . 

I mean , I think that 's the ... Well , read my lips . And , and , and no new taxes and yet Bush did that . But I mean , but -- Yeah . Yeah . but he 's excused from that . Generally , people , I 've read polls now where they 've excused him because there was a , a definite necessity to balance the budget . Well , then why did he say that during his campaign ? Oh , he , he he gave it , he did Then he , it was totally irr- ... he did , he promised the best he could . And he is the president and he should , he should address those problems 

and if there needs to be a change in a period of time . Wh , what was so funny about it is that , I guess , that it happened so rapidly , you know . He knew it . He actually knew it . And being Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . associated with government , he should be held up to the light for that . And maybe Yeah . he will . Yeah . 

Well ... But I think it is , er-r-r , 

I mean ,  I think you , you still have a view that the American voter is different from other voters . And he is motivated because we happen to be the cradle of liberty and all that . I think voters are motivated , uh ... What about , what about voters in the other countries that you were talking about ? Like in the European countries where they have higher turnouts ? And , well , the newer democracies because it 's going to be totally different , but -- Well , I do n't know if they have higher turnouts -- You do not think so ? overall . I do n't think England has , 

I think England has about a seventy percent , sixty-five percent turn out . Uh-huh . I think that we just discovered in this , in , in the Indian elections is th- , one of the greatest -- Oh . -- greatest and massive things in , in the world . Uh , just , it was , got vi- , more violent every year . Right . 

They went down almost fifty percent in this election before they blew up Oh , really ? Ghandi . But ,  simply because people were so Yeah . concerned about their inability that to , that their vote does not count any way . Huh . And the corruption of politics in , in , in that s-s-situation there . But th- , but , you know , everything is relative to when , uh , eh , w-w- , you know , we had higher turnouts because at that time we cur- , talk about the turnout relative to the eligible voter , right ? Yeah . I mean is , but , but before these enormous , before this Voting Rights Act , what we had was a , a great deal of our population , uh , mainly the blacks in the south and the Uh-huh . 

Hispanics were precluded by , Oh . by , uh , voting laws , uh , from reg , from their eligibility to register . Now everybody is available . Oh . So , if you really computed it , they probably when we said we had a seventy percent turnout in nineteen fifty , we really only had a fifty percent turnout because all the eligible -- Oh , I see , because , right . -- voters -- Were n't qual- , -- you know , the- , it was skewed -- dis , were disqualified . -- by the eligible voters being less than the total population of ... But is n't that , is n't that kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just do n't vote ? Or is that just the , the truth ? No , I think the high- , there 's a higher percentage in , in certain black areas of voters . I do n't know about Hispanics , you know . I just , Yeah . I , I mean I have n't studied the statistics well enough to , I mean , I think in this sort of -- Well ... -- conversation we can only do our own reaction . Right , right . But you know that just made me think of something that happened down here in Dallas last year . They have this huge fight going over redistricting here . Uh-huh . And at one point they di- , they took another vote on it , and they , uh , the minorities could not get enough of a vote out to , to pass their plan . And this is something that had been going on for months . It was on the news every night . They , and they have had lawsuits over it . I mean , it was r- , it was a major issue , and there still was n't enough minority vote to get , to pass the plan that they were backing . So that 's , y- , you know , I think that you have really hit on something there . Wa- , to say that , uh , those ... What do you mean ? Well , with the minorities and we are saying we have lower voter turnout . Maybe it is , is , uh , now that we have minorities included in the ... You know , Karen , I wonder if we are recording . Why , did you not press one ? I did press one , but usually by this time they tell me that the time is up . 