Uh , are you presently looking , uh , for a used car ? Well , as a matter of fact , I just bought one . Just bought one . Just , just within the last three weeks . S- , what did you get ? I got a Lexus L S four hundred . Lexus . 

Uh , Which is made by Toyota . Okay , Lexus is a Toyota subbrand . Yeah . Okay . It 's kind of their , I was wondering where that came from because they 're talking like it was an American built car . Right , it , it sounds like it , but it really is n't . Yeah . It 's , uh , marketed , of course , it its own dealerships . Yeah . Usually , or somebody that 's maybe got a Cadillac or Lincoln and Lexus dealership , uh -- Yeah . -- sometimes they do that , but -- Yeah . -- it 's , uh , a brand car , but I 've really liked it . It , it drives just wonderfully 

and there is , it 's so quiet , almost ca n't tell the engine is running . 

That 's their big selling point , uh , other than general luxury and , but the particular seems to be the , uh , the quiet ride . It really is . It 's got pretty good acceleration , too . Yeah . It 's got a C D player in it , so I can , I can play those and , Uh , was , that was n't a standard , p- , feature , was it ? Uh-huh . 

Okay . But there is not very many options on that car . Uh , There is only about five or six options . Everything else is standard . Yeah , you get the impression that , Uh , some of the tracking control things and skidding control things for up north . Uh-huh . The C D and the premium sound system . Skidding control , you mean the antilock brake system ? Yeah , it 's kind of a traction control , I think they call it . Yeah . It 's , it 's not just antilock brake . I think that 's already on most of them , but -- Oh , this is a , uh , -- there is a further traction control , uh , Uh , probably suspension tied into -- Yeah . -- the brakes . And , and also the suspension can be raised for driving , like in the ice and snow . It can raise the car 's center up a little bit . Um . For going under -- Yeah . -- a lot of piled up stuff if you were up in Michigan or somewhere . Yeah , uh , shoot -- Mississippi probably does n't , -- some of these muddy driveways could use it around here . Mississippi probably does n't have to worry too much . No , 

snow does n't happen very often . If it does , people go , what 's this stuff . Yeah , uh , originally I 'm from West Virginia . We got a -- Oh , well , you had some there . -- pretty fair amount of snow . Yeah . But , uh , I got down here in June of eighty-four , and the first winter down here was probably the worst winter they 'd seen in twenty years , and it was amazing how a few inches of snow would turn normally sane , manly , adult men into playful little children . Oh , I know . We had this group of , uh , surveyors come into , uh , a shop I was working in , uh , four or five of them , these big old flame worn suburbans and the snow all over the place . They had just come in to get gas in their vehicles and get the oil checked . But , while they were there they set back , drank about four or five cups of coffee apiece and made snowmen on the hoods of their vehicles -- Oh , no . -- threw snowballs all over the place , had themselves a ball for about an hour . 

Well , the , uh , the Lexus , uh , really , and the moon roof I think is also an option . Yeah . Although most of them are ordered them with it , but there really is only about a half a dozen , uh , things and -- Yeah . -- everything else is pretty standard . I did not get the traction control which also , when you take the c- , traction control and the , and the suspension thing it also puts heaters in the front seats , too . Oh , so that 's kind of , You go out and get in that real cold car -- It 's a package deal . -- and you turn that on , and it , yeah , and it kind of , uh , but that 's only available if , with the traction control and the other option . Yeah . And those two are sold together so you have to take a two thousand dollar option there to -- Ouch . 

-- to , uh , do it , so I , I opted not for that but , No , it does n't sound real necessary in Texas . And , uh , the dealership I dealt with , they order them all with the , uh , moon roof and , uh -- Yeah . -- you know , nice floor mats and everything in there . Yeah , I worked for Lincoln , So the only thing I had to decide on was whether I wanted a C D or not in the stereo system and that was pretty much it . And they had like three or four basic packages that they -- Yeah . -- they offer . Sounds like the Lincoln Mercury dealer I used to work for . They did n't order anything but the extra luxury version of whatever they got . Little Mercury Tracer -- Yeah , I 've been o- , I 've been , -- imagine , or not , they make a , they make a luxury Mercury Tracer . Yeah , I 've seen that in the dealership . I was driving a Lincoln , a Mark Seven -- Yeah . -- for the last four years before I traded it for this and , uh , I 'm leasing the Lexus . I usually lease them -- Yeah . -- since I own a business I just run it through my business , but -- Uh-huh . -- but it , the Lincoln ride is certainly good , too , but the , this Lexus is nothing like I have ever been in before . It 's just , Like sitting in your living room . Yeah , it really is , and it 's got a lumbar support in the seats . Adjustable ? Adjustable , uh -- Yeah . -- power and just kind of brings that support up in the sma- , 