There we are . Yes . Tell me , what are some of the things that you did with your children when they were growing up ? Oh , well , uh , when they were little , we did lots of reading and playing and going to parks , and things of that sort , and , Uh-huh . b- , I had two boys . They were both interested in things like model rockets , so we would go to the football field and set off model rockets . I have two boys also . Uh , my children are , um , are swimmers , and so as they were growing up much of , uh , our , um , normal life outside of school and everything arou- , uh , revolved around their swimming . 

Uh-huh . So , in order to have a reason for being there , especially as they got older , I became involved in it too so we were always together at their meets . Oh , well , that 's good . Um , mine were not terribly sporting . 

Uh-huh . 

Uh , they both did T-ball and soccer in grade school , Uh-huh . but neither one of them carried on , uh , the sports after that . Yeah , the , the boys tried those , but they w , they did go in , they started swimming when they were , oh , seven and eight , and they really loved it , and they 're swimming both c- , they 'll be , one is in college , also swims in college , and the other will continue to swim in college , and they 're fortunate , they ma , even made nationals . Oh , wonderful ! Oh that 's great ! And so we would drive up to see that when w , whenever it was reasonably close , but , we did a lot of things , um , and we tried to do things both together and individually with the children , um . Yeah , I , we live near Washington , 

so we , we would always go in for the museums . Sure . That 's always a big , uh , thing . And one of my children is , uh , also a musician so , um , one of the things that we did with him a lot was to go , either my husband or I , or both of us would , t , concerts with him . Uh-huh . And my other child , um , uh , is in , big into tropical fish , Uh . so our whole family , we take family trips to different places to visit fish stores or go to fish shows , so , My goodness , uh . Well , we did n't have any , uh , avid , uh , activities like that , they , they were interested in a lot of things , but nothing to quite that depth , I guess . But , we would , MUMBLEx I do n't think we 've , we 've missed a fish store on the entire east , northeast coast of the United States . Oh my goodness . Well , we did go to things like aquariums and , uh , 

Uh-huh . uh , natural history museums and zoos , and all of those things that one does with kids , uh , Yes . In fact , it 's funny , our vacations have always been , um , uh , uh , as , as they 've gotten older . When they were younger we would go to the beach , but as they got older we tried to pattern our vacations where we would travel and do things , 

Uh-huh . and that there would be a , a feature each day . Uh , yes . Whether it would be going to , one summer we , uh , we went up to New England and we went to the marble quarries up there , and , uh , Oh , really . to see that , and another day fish hatchery , and , Yeah . so we did , you know , we did try , and of course we learned too . Yeah . But , uh , and , uh , I do n't know , I , uh , when they were very young I did not work . Yeah , well , I started working half-time when , uh , they were at the nursery school . Uh-huh . But I MUMBLEx yet . And I , I started working part-time when they were in , um , junior high school and high school , and now , and I worked in the school system , and now I work a full school day , but that leaves me off on holidays and summers . Uh-huh . So it was a , it was a , you know , I think they need me more , Yeah . when they were older , than they did when they were , Well , uh , I think , it , uh , they need you in different ways . That 's true , yeah . You want to be around for the crisis and things like that , and , That 's right . but it 's not quite so much the hand-holding and peanut butter and jelly making . Um , yeah , that 's , that 's for sure . That 's for sure , what do you , do you have any feelings as to the trends that you see ? Well , it lo- , o- , the one trend I would say is that with so many more women choosing professional careers , Uh-huh . there are fewer of them home in the afternoons , and I do n't think it needs to be the mothers , but I think it would be nice if some of the parents would be around for a few more hours . Yeah , when they MUMBLEx , you know it was funny , I can remember , and my mother and I have talked about it , to how important it was when I came home from school . Um . It was n't really conversation , but there were always things that just tumbled out . Yes . And , uh , uh , granted the child does n't always think that they 're sharing it , but it , when they , when it 's not there they miss it . I think that 's true , but I d- , I also think that 's , at least in my experience , truer of girls than boys . Uh-huh . Even when I was there , my boys did n't share all that much with me , and certainly not to the extent I did with my mother . Yeah , yeah . No , I , I , I realize that , but it 's funny , they do n't always do it , but occasionally they do , and you want , Yeah . Uh-huh . and when they do , there 's a reason for it , that they 're sharing it , Uh-huh . and you want to be avail , at least I 've wanted to be available , when they , for some reason , they had , they were bouncing something off of me . Right . 

Because it was something that was bothering them or they were concerned about , and it was , uh , you just felt , gee , if I were n't here , Uh-huh how , or , or if my husband , Who would they ask ? That 's right . Or what would they do ? Yes , that 's exactly right . Uh , but it has been , um , it 's been interesting and particularly I , I think because the society in which we live , families are separated . You do n't have grandparents near by or aunts and uncles . Uh-huh . Um , I mean , I grew up in a situation where on weekends we were always visiting relatives . Yeah , well , I did too . We were close to my , uh , maternal grandparents , I mean , just a few miles , Uh-huh . and , uh , close enough to visit my paternal grandparents , you know , quite often . Yeah , yeah . They were fifty miles away but , 

See , and we 're , uh , that , we , I , I grew up with , you know every weekend there was some visiting somewhere . Uh-huh . Um , and it was sort of an Italian family , Um . um , but my children , we , although we have some relatives in the area that we , we see , we , they do n't ha- , it 's not that constant -- Right . -- thing where you are on intimate terms with cousins . Well , when my kids were quite small , Uh-huh . uh , we lived close to both sets of grandparents and they saw them a lot , but they do n't have any cousins , uh , or they did n't , Yeah . their , uh , their cousins are about ten years younger . Uh-huh . So , uh , they never played together or anything . Yeah . And there are only two of them and they did n't live in the same town . that the trend of , of families and time , where , where parents are spending less time , you do n't have the families , too , to take up the gap . That 's right . And so the kids in some ways are , are , are suffering a little bit , in that , uh , the model , the role models that get the , the , the family issues that get discussed , Yeah . and all these , I think are very important parts of them growing up , Uh-huh . so we , we try to , to do it as well as we can . We keep in close contact with grandparents and talk over the phone , Uh-huh . and cousins and aunts and uncles , and we do , but it 's , although it 's not the same , we are , and that 's part of , I think , teaching too , is what a family is like , because then h , how do they pattern their own ? Well everyone makes its own model , but , uh , i- , it seems that there should be some continuity , Yeah , Um . and it 's helpful to have , uh , things that become family traditions , and that sort of thing . That 's , yeah . Well , we 've always , we have had this tradition , um , that we always go out before Christmas and cut our own tree . Uh-huh . And that 's always been a little bit of a tradition that we 've had . Now , this year , it 's , was hard with our son now being in college . Yeah . So this was one thing that we , um , were n't able to do this year , but we did that for e- , from the time the children were young enough to realize what it was until , uh , our older son went away to college . Oh , well , that 's the kind of thing that they will remember , though . And we have advent calendars still , Uh-huh . from the time that they came , you know , to , Ours finally disintegrated . Oh . We had a felt one that was li- , it was a Christmas tree that had , uh , a little trinket for each day , Oh , yes . that was pinned on the date , That 's , uh-huh . and then you took it off and put it on the tree , so at the end you had a decorated tree . Well , o- , ours is , uh , a friend -- And it finally got moth-eaten , we threw it way last year . -- uh , a friend of mine from Denmark hand appliqu3ed one for each child . How nice . And , I mean , they look today as new as they did when they gave them to , she gave them to us , and there 's a ring and you buy a present , Oh , I see . and you wrap the present up , 

and I mean , the presents have gone from the days when they were very young to a little box of Band-Aids and an eraser and things , How cute . to today , where , um , sometimes I put a little gift if I see something that 's , uh , occasionally a Christmas tree decoration which they will save for their , their future , Uh-huh . to sometimes , just money , Yeah . uh , pieces of candy . 

So , I think as they 're getting in college , I just , for my older boy that was in college I put a dollar bill for each day . Which was the equivalent -- Oh , I 'm sure he appreciated that ! -- well , it was the equivalent of a Christmas present . Uh-huh . But it was , uh , and it was , and , you know , it was fun , but that 's a tradition and they will , those will be passed on to them when they , Yeah . when they get married and leave . Well , you were saying what other trends are there , 

and one just occurred to me because I was editing a book about it recently , Uh-huh . and that is the trend in a lot of , uh , lower class areas , for the grandmothers to be raising the children . 

Yes , yes , And that 's , a lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs . The b , yes , and the broken families . We , um , as I said , living in an area of Washington , D C . Uh-huh . We definitely see this , uh , and , uh , it 's that grandmother figure , not only raising her own children , but raising , um , children from the streets , too , frequently . Right . Well , we had a sociologist at the center where I work who was writing a book on , uh , multigeneration , Uh-huh . um , matriarchies , in a way . Uh-huh . uh , where the tradition in the family has been for a teenaged daughter to have a baby while she 's still living at home with the mother and , Yes , well , this is a , this is a si- , uh , this is in fact , uh , we 've been studying this in our school , that , um , this is one of the symptoms , or not the symptoms , it 's one of the ways that young girls feel that they are maturing , it 's a rite of passage . Yeah . 