Well I guess we 're , uh , forced to finally , to do a lot about air pollution . I hear that the major automobile manufacturers are looking at nonpolluting cars and low polluting fuels are being experimented with Ethanol and other types of fuels . Yeah , one of the things they asked me to ask you was where you thought the major source was coming from ? I , you know , I assume , Or sources . that the major sources are cars and factories . That 's what , But I , I would think . I do n't know for sure . I just know that , um , acid rain apparently is a big problem in Canada from , would comes over the border from us . Right . Yeah , I think the automobile definitely is an area and any , any industry that burns , you know , and then I do n't know about chemical pollution . I 'm not real into that as far as how it affects the air . I know we have a lot of chemical , the indoor type pollution . They have offices that are too well insulated . They found people are getting sick , Yeah . but I do n't know if that affects outside . You know , I , I think , seems to think , seems to me that 's what they were asking about was outside and the thing I can , the only thing I can think of would be cars and factories . Yeah , the smokestacks or the exhaust pipes . Yeah . Um , I guess there 's been a lot of pressure to , um , do away with the C F C 's in these spray bottles which , Right . has been a real problem . Yeah , that is , well that 's destroying the ozone , is n't it ? Again I , that 's what I hear and , and there 's this big debate apparently about whether the ozone , there 's a hole in the ozone or not but at last I heard it was , uh , discovered that the hole was bigger than they thought , Yeah , that 's wh- , initially . It 's kind of scary . Well , it is scary and I think it will , uh , continue to force us to clean up our act , Yeah . literally and figuratively . We 've got to learn to manage without destroying the environment . I think something too that you probably see in older states , all we , we do it down here once in a while we will have a cold spell is where people will use their fireplaces . I , I , I 'm wondering whether it 's going to get to the point where you ca n't , I think it will . 

do that . In Los Angeles they 're apparently going to , they 've passed laws that , for habit , for example , people using , uh , barbecues -- Uh-huh . -- gasoline lawn mowers , um , and it 's really bad in places like Los Angeles , and , 

Right . it 's gotten bad in Denver and , and , uh , it 's not too bad around here although you see it , you know , more and more in the sky . And people in this country are really wedded to their , uh , cars , Right . and our economy seems to , 

and this I think is one of the big problems , Yeah . In this area too since , you know , in Texas we 're so spread out , Yeah . we have to drive so far , but I know in Colorado I have witnessed that where it just , uh , it just stacks up at the when the Rockies starts , but we 're even getting it here . We can drive into , when we 've been on vacation or something drive into Fort Worth or Dallas and you can tell it in the mornings too . My husband likes to go out and jog and there 's just a brown fog here and we do n't even have any mountains that are , Yeah . holding it in . But they also said that more dense the population and the more we crowd together , the worse it gets . Well that makes a lot of sense . I mean I , I had n't thought about it that way but it , it , You do n't have to have mountains that are stopping it . Yeah . And , uh , they make , uh , making more and more high-rise buildings and , uh , so yeah , we can comment and we did n't see this a few years ago . No , and I think , It was pretty clear here . Yeah , and I think that , that more and more it 's becoming apparent to people that the earth , which includes all the people on it and everything that 's going on it , is a , is an organism of sorts , Right . and that there is a , a whole set of organic relationships that if we start to destroy one part of it , it 's going to tell us about it , and , uh , we 're going to feel it , and I think it 's going to be real interesting and particularly in light of what is obviously going to be a big structural change in the economy , Uh-huh . uh , in this country , uh , whether people are willing to get out of their cars , Yeah . and in this country , uh , the , the solution that , that people seem to think work are politically unacceptable . For example , Yeah . taxing people heavily for using their cars . And , uh , I have a little sports car that I enjoy using and I know just like anybody else how much fun it is to drive 

but I think , uh , we 're going to have to make some fundamental changes and , and I 'm , I 'm not sure how long it 's going to take or what it 's going to take because they keep saying that the economy is going to depend on how many cars and , Yeah . houses we sell . And it 's a shame too when you do see somebody driving a big car , just one person in that . It 's a lot of waste but , 