Why do n't you start ? Oh , I do n't know . I , uh , I refinished a couple of old , uh , dressers that were gi- , handed down . You know , nice it 's nice tongue and groove , uh , uh , construction . Uh , that 's been , I 've been pretty successful with that . Things you already owned or things that you 've picked up just to do that ? What ? Are they things you already owned or you pick them up just to do that refinishing ? No , I 've done some other things too . Uh , you know . Yeah . I 've done both . 

Yeah . Uh , uh , my wife has picked up a couple of things saying , uh , boy if we could refinish that , that would be a beautiful piece of furniture and , uh , we 've done it a couple of times . I guess that -- Oh , yeah . -- we 've been fairly successful with those . That 's , uh , that 's a kind of low risk sort of project , is n't it I guess . Yeah . 

That 's a good way to get started . Uh , I have a , a , uh , really nice desk . A nicer desk than I could afford . Which I got because my sister who worked in a hospital , uh -- Uh-huh . -- liberated it after a fire and , uh , we stripped it all the way down and refinished it and it turned out to be really nice , uh , a nice desk . Uh-huh . Maple top I think or or -- Uh-huh . -- something of that sort . Yeah . I , I , uh , put together a , a , up rolltop desk from scratch . Oh , really ? You know , a kit . Oh . I 'm jealous . Yeah . Still had to cut it and everything , but -- Uh-huh . -- it was fun . Yeah . I , I do do things , uh , that might be too crude to be called woodworking . I 've built my own deck and , uh -- Uh-huh . -- things like that . 

Yeah . I , I 've done the same . You know , like the trim around the house you know -- And , uh -- 

-- the baseboards and things like that . -- I definitely have begun to accumulate tools too . My , I , uh -- Uh-huh . -- I picked up a bunch of Craftsman tools from the forties that my wife 's father owned when he was alive 

and so I do have a band saw and a router and , uh , things like that out in the garage . But I ca n't say I use them very often . Um . Yeah I 'm looking at trying to get a router right now . They 're handy , uh , they -- MUMBLEx . -- they come in handy at the most unusual times . Putting doors in is the time when I 'm , uh , I bought myself a , uh , template for making mortices and doors and that 's a whole lot easier than doing it with a chisel . I 'll bet . But I 've , also , I 've also used them for building drawers where you , uh , for rabbeting and , uh , because , uh , rabbeting on my table , on my , uh , radial arm saw is a little bit uncertain . Uh-huh . So , I got one for Christmas a few years ago and used it quite a bit for the first eight months I had it and now I use it twice a year maybe . Yeah . My br- , my brother 's used it a lot for making drawers . I do n't -- The big , -- know , what , what 's your opinion of wha , what a good router is like ? You know I , Uh , I guess it , Because he was tell me like the ones that you dial in are n't all that great . They 've plastic parts and stuff . The ones that what ? That you dial in on the side . Uh , I have never even s- , I have never even looked at one closely . Uh , the , the -- Uh-huh . 

-- little use that I 've gotten from my router , I would say , uh , I would spend my money on the bits . Uh-huh . Uh , I have a , I 'd guess you 'd call a medium quality Craftsman router and the , uh , How strong is it ? It 's strong enough for any job where you do n't try to take more than say three-eighths of an inch at a time . But the problem is that the , uh , as with any , any time you buy a , a -- Do n't they , -- tool with -- Uh-huh . -- a , a , as a , as a package -- Uh-huh . -- the bits that they give you are low end . So the price of a good set of , uh , carbide steel , uh , bits is probably , uh , I mean , a , a good set of bits is probably going to run you a hundred dollars and , uh , uh , if you 're going to use for a lifetime I suppose it 's worth it . Because y- , e- , uh , I imagine if I go and sharpen them myself , uh , they wo n't last . And I 've never had the bits sharpened . So . Uh-huh . That 's a thing to consider is to , They , they really get hot do n't they ? Yeah . And they , they dull after awhile . Especially , I did some cabinets in , uh , ash and oak -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , that , that wears a bit down . We remodeled and saved a bunch of really nice ash cabinets , uh -- Uh-huh . -- which had been in the original , remodeling of our kitchen . Right . And I saved them and built an oven cabinet out of one and another cabinet out of another by using the faces and so forth . And , uh , routing hardwood will , uh , take the edge off a cheap bit pretty fast . So . Yeah . I 've cut some one by eight oak before . Boy was that fun . Right . That 's , uh , Big solid pieces of oak are just -- And then you take the blade to the -- -- tough . -- to get sharpened , right . Well , that was , you know , with a , with a circular saw . Uh-huh . Like , oh my gosh . Right . Is this going to be fun ? Yeah . Well I 've used mine on treated wood and now all my blades need sharpening . Yeah . Because , uh , treated wood will also chew them up . Treated wood can really make you sick too . 