Okay . Uh , before a couple of years ago , I had a , a very narrow view of , of nursing homes and it was , uh , more like a funeral home . I always joked around about it being a funeral home and not really a nursing home . And , uh , then I had to do some volunteer work here in Tyler , Texas and I went to one 

and it just had a very good activities director . Everyone was cheerful and now I do n't have such a bad view of nursing homes anymore . But I , I certainly would n't want to send my parent unless it was an absolute last re- , resort . Uh , I have a sister that is in nursing school and she 's real interested in geriatrics . 

Well , that sounds good . Yeah . So , uh , she , she 's real interested in , uh , what Ann Richards has been doing . She 's , Ann Richards is really cracking down on , uh , the nursing homes and , I do n't know , you would n't know anything about a Texas governor . I 've heard the name 

and that 's about all it goes . Okay . Ann Richards is our governor in Texas and she 's really cracking down on restrictions and what goes on in nursing homes . And , uh , my sister 's real interested in that and , and getting into the , to that side of nursing . Yeah . That 's one problem with the , the nursing home environment . It , the elderly , even out of the nursing home , are very open to abuse . Right . Uh , you know , they do n't always have their full wits about them . Uh-huh . They 're not completely up on what should be going on or what 's not going on . Uh-huh . And it can be pretty sad . 

I 've got a , had a grandmother who had a stroke . And she was in a nursing home for four or five years before she died . Oh . And , you know , it 's the type of thing that she was living down in Florida . My in- , families was up in Maryland -- Uh-huh . -- and the other part of her family was up in , uh , New York state . Right . And , you know , it was very difficult for either them or my grandfather to take care of her since she was , uh , you know , could not do very much for herself after the stroke . Right . And , you know , the nursing home was the , you know , best facility to put her in . Uh-huh . You know , besides moving her up which is not a practical solution since both my parents work and both my , uh , aunts and uncle work . Right . Which means it 's , you know , very difficult for some- , you essentially need to have someone taking care of the person full-time . Right . And , you know , there 's also a lot of medical problems that ca n't always be completely handled in the home . Right . Which makes it , you know , it 's a necessary evil I think . Uh-huh . It sure is . And some of the really nice ones that really take care of their people are so expensive . Because -- Yeah . -- cause they can afford to hire the people that are really going to care for the older . Yeah . And , you know , even there you have to watch out for , you know , you get one person who 's a little bit dishonest working in there and , you know , the elderly sometimes have a lot of jewelry -- Oh , yeah . -- and other stuff that just very easily tends to disappear in the nursing homes . Right . My grandfather passed away several years ago . I was much younger . But , uh , he was in the nursing home the last several years of his life and someone visited him every day . My grandmother did . But , uh , if she could n't , someone visited him every day . It was in a very small town nursing home . Uh-huh . And , uh , people did n't get paid much there at all . They did n't care about what went on . Yeah . They would let a , let a patient get a lot of bed sores . Uh-huh . And , uh , the , the people living in the nursing home would have all kinds of needs that would n't get met because they were just old people . And then , the nurses and doctors really did n't put any for , forth any loving care for them . Either that or they 're just so understaffed that they ca n't afford -- Right . -- to put in the , uh , care that they need . Right . Cause it 's , you know , an elderly person can , you know , it 's like a newborn baby . You need -- Uh-huh . -- to have twenty-four hour care -- 

Right . -- uh , answering all the needs cause they ca n't do much for themselves at certain points . Right . And nurses get so worn down . Uh-huh . And , you know , there 's a lot of , number of the elderly are very , you know , complaining because they remember the way that things used to be . Right . And remember being able to do things for themselves which , you know , they no longer can . Oh , sure . And they feel -- And it , very , very hard for them to accept that . -- they feel pretty helpless . We just , uh , moved my grandfather into , not a nursing home but , you know , a transitional type facility . Is it , uh , like a retirement center ? More of a retirement home . He 's got his own efficiency apartment . Uh-huh . And they provide one meal a day . Uh-huh . And , you know , the rest of the housekeeping and other meals a day are up to him . Uh-huh . But they do have , you know , group activities going on . How 's he handling that ? Uh , he 'd much rather be living alone in his apartment down in Florida . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , to move into that facility we moved him from Florida up to Maryland and -- Ooh . -- it 's , it 's a bit of a shock to the system , weather-wise , if nothing else . Oh , sure . There was n't anything like that , that you could do in Florida ? Well there was stuff like that in Florida but , 