Okay . All right . What 's your view . Huh ? What 's your view ? Well , I have a hard time thinking that they can control guns . Yeah . Personally . Yeah , that 's true . I mean , You know , even if they give it a shot , it 's still going to be black market all over the place , you know , That 's right . That 's right . I do n't know . Coming from Texas you 're probably , I do n't know I should n't make stereo types , but gun control is probably frowned on quite a bit down there I would think . Yeah . It is , but I 'm not really from I 'm not really from Texas , I just live down here now . I 've -- Oh , you 're just live down there ? -- I 've lived down here a couple years . Yeah . I 'm originally from Colorado , but yeah -- 

Oh well . . -- there , uh , there , uh there 's a lot of hunters here . 

Yeah , well I know how you feel . I 'm , uh , I grew up in Nebraska and , and we always use to go out and hunt all the time , you know and -- Uh-huh . -- man , there 's no way . There 's no way I would ever go for a total ban on all weapons . That 's just , I do n't know . I just think , I think it 's ridiculous . Yeah . I mean , It does n't sit with me very well . I do n't know , I , anymore I keep a thirty-eight in my truck , you know . Really . Yeah , I just about all , well I live in Minneapolis and I , well actually I live in Florida , but I am staying in Minneapolis for a year and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , both areas are pretty crime ridden right now -- Right . -- and it 's just , you never know who is out there . Right . You know it 's just for self protection purposes and then of course there 's the hunting issue , so -- Sure . -- yeah that 's good . What do you do , Jeff ? Uh , I , I 'm in , uh , program control for a company up here . Oh , yeah . Yeah . All right . 

We do schedules , for -- Yeah . -- programs , schedule programs . What do you do ? I 'm , uh , researcher of Honeywell up here . Oh , okay . So , uh , yeah . You guys , uh , do you get much of a chance to hunt or anything or , Uh , I have n't had a chance to do any hunting since I 've been down here . I do n't own a shotgun , but I 'd like to go bird hunting . Yeah . You know -- So . -- that 's something I miss quite a bit . Yeah , uh , when I was in Colorado we went deer and elk hunting -- Yeah . -- you , you know , quite a bit but , Yeah . All right . Yeah , my brother was , uh , a guide for bear and elk hunts out in Idaho for a while and , uh , really enjoyed it quite a bit , but I do n't know . I guess that what the scale now is , it 's zero for , uh , for a complete , One for a total ban -- That 's right . -- and , uh , I guess I am about eight or nine . Yeah , I , I agree with you there . Yeah , no doubt about it but , uh , I mean , if they can anyway get it , keep criminals from having guns which they ca n't -- 

Yeah . -- I , you know , I 'm not -- Yeah , if there 's -- -- for it . -- if there 's a way , you know , to limited it to people that , I do n't know that they , I guess they passed a couple of , uh , uh , laws a here while back in some states in terms of a waiting period -- Uh-huh . -- where you know you go to buy a hand gun and then they actually , uh , I know it 's this way in Florida . They have a waiting period where you buy one and that 's a week -- Uh-huh . -- and then they check you out and make sure you do n't have a record you know and things like that . I think that 's a pretty good idea . Uh , and that 's , I do n't know , that 's not a bad idea , but then again you can always get around that . You could go through the black market like you say . You know , you always be able to get around but , uh , Sure . Yeah , it 's one of things but , uh , I do n't know . I guess , I guess some forms of guns should probably be controlled just like I 'm not real sure why anybody would need a full automatic weapon . Yeah , I do n't either . Yeah , I 'm just not , I think those have been pretty much , you know , banned altogether anyway . Yeah , 

I -- There , -- fully auto , but , even well , I mean , a semiautomatic , I guess that 's , It kind of takes the sport out of hunting . Yeah . 

Right . You know , it 's like what can you do with that , that you ca n't do in a self protection situation with like a seven or a twenty shot twelve . Sure . You know , you might do the same thing . Right . And so it 's like , I do n't know . It does . It takes the sport out of it . For me I would much rather have a bow anytime . Oh , really . I , I like bows . You know , I have done some bow hunting and I , uh , I get into it and I think it 's more of a challenge , you know . Yeah . But , uh , I do n't know . I guess it keeps the shell makers in business . Sure . But , uh , I do n't know . Anyway , that 's about where I stand . Me too . You , uh , Yeah , I am about the same way . And you , uh , have you eaten yet or whatever . Yeah . Is it seven o'clock there ? 

Uh , yeah , it 's about seven fifteen . You guys central ? How is the weather up there ? Oh , it 's not too good . It 's kind of rainy actually . Is it ? Around this time of year you expect it up here to get down to about , uh , I do n't know , ten or twenty degrees -- 

Right . -- and it 's been up around forty . So people are , people are whining about the rain and stuff , but not too bad about the temperature . Ice is starting to melt and stuff like that so . Yeah . I am just up here for the year and it 's kind of shocking . 