Okay , I 'm here . How do you feel about public schools ? Well , our public schools are , are really poor , I feel . Uh-huh . Uh , I 'm not sure where Georgia ranks in the nation but , uh , we 're toward the bottom . Yeah . And , uh , there 's a lot of things that I see that are so obviously wrong . Uh-huh . That you would think it would be easy to correct . Right . But the system does n't allow for the corrections . Uh-huh . How about you ? Well , that 's interesting . I have a sister who used to live in Kennesaw , Georgia . Oh , yes . And , uh , she has a young boy . Actually has two boys now but only had one when she was there . And she complained quite a bit about their school system there . Yes . And , And Cobb County is better than the county I 'm in . Right . She was in Cobb County . Right . I 'm , 

I ca n't really say much about the schools up here . I really do n't come from here -- Uh-huh . -- I 'm only up here temporarily on an internship but -- Okay . -- uh , I live in Orlando , Florida usually . And the schools down there , from what I know , are not bad . They 're pretty good . Well , that 's great . But I know that in some , I know in a lot of rural areas they 're not that good . Uh-huh . For example , I have a brother in North Carolina and he says the schools there are , are incredibly bad . Uh , just terrible . Well , I feel that we 're way behind . Uh , I have a son that is in the fourth grade -- Huh . -- and , uh , they have just now taken up division . Wow . Yeah . And MUMBLEx -- That is slow . 

-- uh , i- , e- , my husband and I go to the store and we buy these math books and fractions and multiplication , division things and I feel like , uh , there are several areas that we 're just really , really slow in . Uh-huh . And , uh , I do n't blame the teachers as much as I blame the system . It is , What do you think 's wrong to cause that ? Well , well , for one thing there 's not enough money in the school system . And the money they do have , they 're not , they do not use it wisely . 

Yeah . Uh , she , my son 's teacher has twenty-seven students . Uh-huh . And that 's certainly is a lot of students for one person to deal -- Yeah . -- with on an every day basis . Uh -- Perhaps . -- but more than that , I do n't think that they have the authority to command the attention of the children . Yeah . And when you have two kids in that class that constantly keeps ca- , the class in an uproar and you 're not at liberty -- Yeah . -- to do something about it , other than give them on campus isolation or send them to the principal 's office . It -- Yeah , that 's , that 's one thing I worry about MUMBLEx . -- it , you know , it can , it can really be bad . Uh , also I think , we have a lot of , uh , Hispanics -- There you go , uh-huh . -- and we have a lot of , uh , the county I am , I 'm in , the minorities are mostly Hispanic . Yeah . Probably quite a few black people up there and and , No . We 're from a county , we 're from the county they marched in . We 're in Forsyth county -- Oh , is that right ? -- yes , and we , and there 's very , very few blacks . Oh , okay . 

Uh , so , so that 's , uh , I , I hate to say , uh , it 's not a problem , uh , because I hate to feel like they are a problem , although they are . Yeah but , you know , it , it 's , you do n't want to seem racist or prejudice or whatever , but then again . But it is a problem . Yeah , there is no denying that , that , Uh , especially in the inner schools , inner city . Sure , you know . Teachers , you have to admit that teachers have to slow things down for people who do n't understand , especially if there 's not a very well developed special education program at the school . Well , and you ca n't put all the children in special education . That 's right , you ca n't do that . 

Uh , and if the parents do not care enough to take an interest in whether the homework is done -- Right . -- you know . See , I grew up in Nebraska -- Uh-huh . -- and the school that I went to there was fantastic . It , I , I really consider myself very , very lucky . Uh , we had a school that had classes probably about the same size you 're talking , twenty-seven , thirty kids to sc- , to a class . Yeah . But , But your teacher had control . Yeah . We zipped right along , you know . 

I , I -- Uh-huh . -- was , I was doing mathematics , fractions and division and multiplication by the third grade , easily . Yeah . I , I -- Uh , -- believe I was too . Uh-huh . But , you 're right , you know . With all this , do n't hurt the kids and do n't abuse their rights , you 've also taken -- Uh-huh . -- something away from the discipline , I think . Uh , well , it , it really is a concern of mine because if we could afford it , my son would be in private school . Yeah . We just can not afford it . Right . I was going to ask you if there , if that was an option . Uh , if , 