Okay . Do you want to go first ? You can go first , or I will . Well , you go ahead . Okay . Well , I 'm going to tell you what I 'd have . Down in the south , we have a lot of shrimp , Oh , okay ? yeah . And I have , uh , shrimp that is steamed in beer , that -- Oh , yeah . -- I cook . Uh-huh . And then I have a cauliflower that I would cook , garlic bread , green salad , tea , and we 'd have a lemon pie for dessert . Oh , it sounds fantastic . Yes . And what 's really neat about it is , the shrimp is cooked in your , uh , like your rice steamer , Oh , yeah . your rice cooker . Uh-huh . And , um , you place the shrimp in the , in the rice steamer , and you put a bay leaf and put some , uh , red pepper over it . Uh-huh . Now , you can either use , you know , the kind that comes in the little can or you can just get some , you know , regular red peppers . Is it cayenne pepper , you mean ? Cayenne ? Yes . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . And you put a little bit of that over it . Now if you use the dried kind ? Yes . Then you would only use two of them . And you put that in there , and then you pour two bottles of beer over it . And how much shrimp would you use ? Two pounds . Two pounds , okay . That 's the jumbo shrimp in the shells . Oh , yeah . Leave the shells on them so they wo n't just roll up . Uh-huh . And you pour the beer over the top of it , and you cover it . Uh-huh . And you only cook it until the mixture begins to boil , Okay . and the shrimp turn pink . Uh-huh . Then you remove it , and you put it on a platter . And then you serve it with melted butter . And , uh , I usually put garlic powder in mine . Oh , yeah . And they can just dip it , and they shell it as they eat it . Sure . 

But , uh , then the mi- , uh , the cauliflower , you , Uh-huh . cook that in the microwave . And what you do is , you just , uh , wash it , and you core it . 

Uh-huh . And in a like a , oh , what do you call it ? Like Pyrex or something like that , kind -- Uh-huh . -- of bowl that would go in the microwave . A glass dish . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . But it 's got to have one that has a cover on it . Okay , uh-huh . And you , uh , put about two tablespoons of , uh , water into this bowl , and about an eighth a teaspoon of salt . Yeah . And then you just set your cauliflower in there , Uh-huh . and then you cook it for seven minutes on high . And you rotate it one time . And it 's , are you cooking the whole head -- Uh-huh . -- at one time ? Y- , 

Okay . Uh , when you core it , you be real careful so you wo n't knock your flowers off . I see . And , uh , you just set it in there , and you microwave it on high for seven minutes , and you turn it one time . Uh-huh . And while that 's cooking , I take mayonnaise , about a cup of mayonnaise , and a teaspoon of mustard , and some garlic powder , and I mix it all together . And I shred up some just regular white cheese . Uh-huh . And after that 's cooked , you take it out and pour this on top of it , and then you sprinkle the cheese on top of that . And you cook it for another three minutes on high , you know , Uh-huh . just mainly to melt the cheese and everything , and let all the seasoning melt into it . And , Yeah . it 's done . Oh , that sounds fantastic . It is good . But it , it looks , 

I mean , what you can do then , see is , like what I usually do is , I 'll like sit the cauliflower in the middle , and then I put the , uh , shrimp around the outside of it , Um , um . you know , on my platter . Uh-huh . And then I have a green salad that I put around the outside of that . And , you know , you have all the different seasonings and stuff , and then I just fix little individual cups for them . And they have the , Sure . garlic bread , and it makes it a real nice looking , And it 's -- you know . -- not much work . Huh-uh , huh-uh . But it -- That sounds , -- looks like it , you know . 

Yeah , real- , You look like you went to a whole bunch , I bet it tastes good too . Right . And , uh , usually I cut those little cherry tomatoes up , Oh , yeah . and put some color into it , you know , and I 'll lay those on top of my salad , you know , to make it look nice and things like that . Now , how many could you serve ? Okay . Uh , it usually serves six . Yeah . O- , okay . I figured about that . Yeah . Oh , that 's good . See out here , we have so many , uh , ethnic people . We have Italians , and we have Portuguese , and we have Russians and Polish . And it depends , out here , like the type of people you 're going to entertain , you know ? Uh-huh . So it 's hard , uh , you , you just have to pick something , for the , the group that you 're going to entertain for that particular time . Yeah . 

And , uh , they 're big on finger food here , too . You know , chicken wings and , uh , ribs , and that kind of stuff . Yeah . Uh , barbecue and , uh , cooking out in the yard , it , ya- , you know , when it 's nice . Barbecue outside , chicken and that kind of stuff . Yeah . Have you ever had crawfish ? Uh , no , but I have had shrimp . 

Oh . You ought to try some crawfish . They are good . But see , that 's one good thing about living down here is , usually anybody that comes over , you know , even if it 's like , out of town guests and stuff , they want our cooking . Oh , of course . You know , That 's , they want it from down here . Yeah . Because , just like now , especially crawfish , it is starting to move out , you know , and more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is . Really ? But , Is it like shrimp ? Uh , it 's similar . Uh-huh . It 's similar . Yeah . It 's not -- Ch- , -- exactly . I mean , it 's got a taste of its own , you know , but it is , Oh , it does ? it is similar to , because you only eat the , Does , tails of it . it look like a lobster ? Um , it looks more like a crab . Oh , it looks more like a crab . Uh-huh . Oh . But , Are they thin , long -- No . -- or wide ? Um , let me think of , I ca n't even think of what you , I guess if , it , uh , it looks like , more like a cross between , uh , a crab and , uh , and a lobster . Uh-huh . Because it 's small like that and it 's got the pinchers like a crab . But , Uh-huh . you know , it 's , it 's similar to a lobster too , because the tail has got the little pleats in it , like a , Oh , yeah . lobster would . Yep . And we call them mud bugs . Oh . But , I mean , they 're fantastic tasting . They are so good . Everybody , it 's , it 's the season for them right now . And , and where did you say you were from ? Louisiana . Louisiana . Oh , well , do you do cajun cooking ? Oh , yeah . Oh , I love , uh , blackened , you know , uh , the , the fish and the chicken and that kind of stuff . Uh-huh . Oh ! We have a few places up here that do that . Yeah . And if ever I see it on the menu , I always get it . Yes . 

It is so good . You know , Now how do they do the blackened ? You buy it , you buy it as a seasoning . But , uh , do you have to have a certain skillet , Huh-uh . or something ? Huh-uh . No ? I cook mine , well , do you have a , uh , like a black iron skillet ? I did have . 

I do n't have it now . But I have mostly Teflon . Oh , okay . Well , You now , but , I guess you could cook it in , in that too , but I do n't know . You know , I never have . I use , uh , uh , the black iron skillet to cook mine . Do , does it have to get extremely hot ? Uh-huh . Yeah . But it really , it 's not , it , it , it does n't burn or anything like that . The blackening is really the seasoning . Uh-huh . I mean , there is , Oh , oh , it 's , it 's , I see . a blackening seasoning . Yeah . You know , I mean , that is a seasoning . That 's really , it 's not like you would have to cook it for an extreme amount of time , or something like that , to get it , Oh , I see . Because , it 's called , uh , what it 's called is , Blackening Magic . And it , it comes in a bottle , and , uh , Oh . Well , I 'm trying to see . It 's got a , a picture of Dom De Luise on it . Oh , really ? Uh-huh . Oh . Now would , you would cook it for the same amount of time as you would , prepare it any other time ? Right . 

Is that what you 're saying ? Uh-huh . Oh , uh-huh . Because , But , I could have the , uh , chicken on the skewers , with , uh , uh , blackened seasoning . Uh-huh . And , oh , that is so good . Delicious . Yeah . But you do have to have it , you know , you do have to have it hot when you cook it . I mean , Uh-huh . your pan . Uh-huh . It does have to be really hot , you know , when you put it in . But it 's not like it 's burned , and it , what it , what blackens it , is the seasoning . Oh . And it is so good . Oh ! . It is . I , I love it . Yeah . I , I , in fact I was in Texas for a little while . Uh-huh . And I liked , uh , the barbecues and the Mexican food . Uh-huh . I have a passion for all that type of different tastes . 

Because I have been brought up mostly Italian American food . Because my , uh , parents are Italian and Portuguese . So we cook a lot of pasta , and , uh , gravies , and pizzas , and , you know , roasts , and that kind of thing . Uh-huh . That 's why I enjoy going to restaurants and have , you know , trying different things . Well , have you ever thought about coming to Louisiana , you know , to visit ? 

I would love to . Yeah . You ought , I , 

to come down . Um , you do n't even have to go all the way to New Orleans , you know , if you want to really get some good food . Really ? I mean , you do n't have to go that far south . Uh-huh . But , uh , of course , the further south you go , the better the food is , as far as I 'm concerned . Is that right ? And fact is , we 're going to take a vacation this year . We 're going to go to New Orleans , again . Uh-huh . And , uh , we 're only going down there for the food , though . Now , wher , where do you go when you go there ? Uh , right on Basin Street and those places ? Uh , yeah . We go to the , the French Quarters and stuff like that . Uh-huh . And , uh , I have some friends that live down there . And so , usually we go to , we do n't go to the tourist ones . Oh . We go to the ones that they tell us to go to , you know . Oh , I see . And we went to this one , it was called The Back Porch . And , uh , they were cooking the stuff , you know , while we were , we went on this boat ride . And then we came back and ate , out on this , it was like a back porch . And , uh , 

Oh , that 's nice . usually if you can find somebody , Of course now , when you go down there , you know , I mean , they 've got just , there 's no where you can miss . Uh-huh . I have never gone to a restaurant , and not just been so full , 

it 's unreal . Really ? I mean , it 's so good . The seasoning they , it 's just unreal . And do n't they make a lot of , um , I 'm trying to think what they call their soup . I do n't know . Gumbo . Yeah , jumbo . No , gumbo . Gumbo , Uh-huh . right . Right . Is , is , is that with seafood ? Uh-huh . You can even make it with chicken or you can make it with seafood . Oh , you can ? Uh-huh . That looks good too . I 've seen them d- , the chefs on T V do that ? Uh-huh . And oh , it looks delicious . And I 'll tell you what . See we do , um , uh , a thing , we call it a sea bake . You , uh , you take clams , 