Okay . What type of things do you feel would invade your privacy every day ? Um , huh . Well , I do n't like it when , uh , people listen to my phone conversations , like if they 're outside my door while I 'm talking in my room ,  or when people like look through my things in my bedroom . 

Yeah , that 's right . That is really an invasion of privacy . Yeah . I , I find it very annoying when I 've worked all day to come in and my phone to ring constantly , the solicitors , and the carpet cleaning companies and , Uh-huh . Does that happen in your part of the country ? Yes . Uh-huh . I , uh , Definitely . I come home and I am trying to get a few things done and I ca n't do anything but answer the telephone . Right . Some evenings are worse than others , but I wish I could put a stop to it , but I do n't know what to do to stop it . Right . 

Even , uh , we used to have a sign on our door that said no soliciting , and they would still come to our door -- Uh-huh . -- and knock and , They would think it did n't mean them , I guess . I guess not , 

no . Everybody but me . Yeah . Oh , goodness . Are you stil- , do you live at home with your parents ? Yes . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Yeah . So your privacy is invaded probably by other members of the family . 

Yeah , mostly .  Yeah . Now what can you do to stop that ? Oh , I do n't know .  Well , I am used to it now , but sometimes it sort of gets , gets to me but there is not much I can really do . No . No . Just have to live with it , I guess . Yeah . Try to remember to respect their privacy , and maybe they will respect yours and , Well , I do n't know .  I always , Do you have brothers ? Uh , no , yes , 

I do , 

but they do n't live at home . Oh , okay , I was ra- , I had two younger brothers , and they nearly drove me crazy listening to telephone conversations and , Oh , I used to do that though because I was the youngest , I would pick up the phone and listen to theirs .  But I , I would get in the bathroom and lock the door so maybe they could n't hear me , and then they would go get on the other extension -- Oh . -- and I could hear them , but I could n't get them to hang up , you know . Yeah .  But I stopped doing that a long time ago ,  and they still do it to me . Even it , in the office I , uh , find that people walk up and , and when you 're on a conversation instead of walking off or just making themselves busy , they 'll stand there and listen to what you say until you hang up . Oh , like , s- , yeah , this lady does that to me at work -- Uh-huh . -- when I 'm taking an order or something , and she 'll just sit there and listen like I 'm doing something wrong , and she just started and , she is nice but . Okay . But , you know , it gets annoying when they stand right over you watching everything you do . Yeah . But , I- , Let 's see , I ca n't think of anything else -- No . -- I 'd really consider an invasion of privacy other than the phone solicitors . About the only thing that really bothers me I do n't have that many people coming to my door . Right . Well , occasionally we 'll have a person here or there , but not , not as many as the phone calls , Uh-huh . you know , so . But , And I guess that 's really th- , the thing that really bugs me the most . I ca n't think , tha- , our kids in our neighborhood used to bother me , but they 've all gotten grown up now -- Uh , -- and we live in a neighborhood where there is not any little kids to bother me , Oh . since mine are all grown up , but . What else would be an annoyance ? Well , I guess traffic could be an annoyance . Oh , yeah . Especially when you 're in a hurry . Do you have a lot of traffic in your area ? Um , it can get busy , yeah . Usually in the week I 'm MUMBLEx . Uh-huh . Some days it 's real , real bad here , and you would like to , feel like it 's an invasion of privacy because you ca n't even ride down the road without people all the way around you , Yeah , uh-huh . you know . But , Yeah , I 've traveled quiet a bit , and I 've been through Dallas , Texas . It 's pretty busy . It really is , and pretty noisy . Yeah . 

It really is . Yeah . I live right on a main thoroughfare , so when I first moved here I probably did consider that an invasion of privacy because it , at first you 'd hear a lot of noise , especially at night -- Uh-huh . -- you know , when you go to bed . Oh , yeah . And every time a , a fire truck or anything went down the road , I would wake up , but I guess I have gotten used to it because I do n't even hear it anymore . Oh , yeah , I suppose you do . And , uh , I just close it out , I guess , because I do n't , I do n't remember waking up in several years at night when I 'd hear a fire truck go by , you know . Uh-huh . Yeah . I think they would probably have to pull into my drive before it bothered me . Yeah . I am a real solid sleeper though so that probably would n't bother me . I 'd sleep right through it . They would have to chop down the door and get you out , I guess . . Yeah . It takes a lot . Let 's see . What else is an invasion ? I had an old boyfriend who looked through my notes one time . Oh . I was mad because those were mine MUMBLEx , Well , did you have has name all over them ? No .  It was a , a letter from a girlfriend of mine . I , I just , I was upset because those were mine , and , you know , I thought he , That was yours . Yeah . Right . I thought he would respect me more than that , Yeah . to look through my things and not trust me , so that was upsetting . I was mad about that and my privacy there . Yeah . 