Uh , well , h , having sort of the reason we 're going through the school system I seem to be younger than most people who , who talk on this thing . 

I 'm , I 'm just graduating col- , graduating from college . Uh , I did n't really perceive much of a , of a problem with the school system . However , when you compare it to school systems like they have in Japan and ad- , you can compare just about everyth- , thing to Japan and we look like wh- , we do n't have anything . Uh , it seems to be not difficult enough for students . Not challenging enough . And just not generally competitive enough . Uh , however , I , if it were n't for our needless , uh , competition with Japan , I , I 'd , I 'd think that , that , the school systems , system works at a pretty good pace . I do n't know . Uh , I have n't , it 's been , uh , well seventy-nine since I was at school . Uh-huh . At high school . And , uh , I 've seen things change . I do n't know if I 've seen things change enough that I can actually , because I was n't really like listening to the world go by back then so it 's hard to compare . You know what I mean ? Right . But , uh , it seems like when I li , I lived in Chicago , I , I 've lived down here . I hear the dropout rates from the schools , and I certainly see how much I pay in real estate taxes every year . Yeah . And I begin to wonder if I 'm really getting my money 's worth . Huh . I mean , I , I 've seen so many different things . So , so many different bad reports coming out of the school system and I recognize that there are good schools out there . I mean , somebody 's -- Right . -- getting , getting a good education because we , continue to employ people . But , uh , I do n't , I do n't understand the , uh , I do n't understand , I guess , why the schools don- , seem to have such a high dropout rate in the big cities . Uh , well , I do n't pretend to understand that either . Uh , but I 'm not quite sure that it 's the kind of thing that ought to be blamed on the schools . But then , again , I 'm not quite sure where the blame ought to be put . Uh , because the , the dropout rate is , in those areas , w , it 's high in those areas where also there 's poverty and , and crime . And they all seem to go together . And it seems like if you could eliminate one of , of the parts of that circle , whether , where you have the dropout rate and crime and , you know , general poverty kind of conditions , that things ought to get better . So , uh , a- , the other two a- , a- , they 're all three social issues and could be addressed by the government in any ways . And clearly , to me , is a kind of government thing to , to fix but it 's just like , I , I do n't expect them to know which , which , which part is best to fix just like I do n't know . It 's , it 's a complicated issue . I , I still do n't think I would blame it directly on the school . I do n't know if I blame it on the school . I think , I think I blame it , I think I blame it on a couple of different things . I think I blame it on the school system . Uh , Well , that 's I meant when I said the school . Yeah . I do n't blame it on the teachers in the school . I , although I think that , I do know for a fact that some of the teachers that I know personally get paid an awful lot more than , well , they do quite well for themselves . Huh . Well , that 's odd because I do n't think the teachers in my school district , uh , were well paid . No . Not all school districts are well paid . But there are some school districts out there that are very well paid . I mean I know one family that 's got , they 're both teachers , and they both have , like second jobs -- Uh-huh . -- that they work in the afternoons . They both work all summer full-time . And from their teaching job alone , they pull in forty grand each . Yeah . Well , it , it , I mean that family is making over a hundred grand . And I 'm , I mean , okay , okay . Yes , I agree that teaching our kids is important . Right . However , these people who only work eight hours day at it , from seven to three , and they only work nine months a year and they get an awful lot of breaks in between and that 's my tax dollars that I 'm spending on that . And I do n't even have kids . Yeah , 

well that 's true . But tha- , there 's , 

you can always play games with , uh , talking about , whoa , look at this . My tax dollars are paying for this . 

This is wrong . But , when you 're talk , w- , w- , and there 's really not much you can directly do about that . I think that , that if , if there is a problem with the school system , uh , from , it 's been my perception that the school teachers and school officials are not that well , uh , paid . That perhaps that might be one area that , that could be improved . Uh , w- , you have other professional jobs and th- , this is a profession . And , as a matter of fact , it 's a pretty big influence on , on , 