So have you done any painting projects lately ? Yeah , this is a great topic for me , because I just did my first two painting projects ever . Oh , really ? Was not , not a big deal -- What kind of -- -- two little deals , -- painting was it ? The first one , um , I helped someone repaint an apartment , and it was very easy . Uh-huh , it , was it ? Yeah , and I 've never painted anyth- , I always thought it would be , so , you know , you 'd have to hire someone if you needed to paint inside your house or something -- Yeah , -- but I know I can do it . Oh , uh-huh . And the second one was I bought some toys at a , um , at a craft fair . Uh-huh . They 're unfinished wooden book ends and stuff for a little girl for Christmas , and so I decided to paint them , 

and that was n't as easy as painting the apartment . Oh , well , what kind of paint did you use for the , um , bookends ? Well , it 's , uh , it , that 's half the problem right there is that it was n't , it was a oil base , 

so I had to get , and when I painted them , I did n't realize that we did n't have any turpentine or paint thinner or anything in the house . So I had it , had it all over my hands . At first I did n't realize , you know , I had never painted anything , so I did n't realize -- Uh-huh . -- that I needed that . I mean , I kind of knew , in the back of my mind , So you ca n't use oil on wood ? Well , no , you can use it on wood , but I just had it all over my hands , and I went to wash the brushes out , and , uh , wash my hands , and you ca n't wash it off with water . You have to get the , uh , a solution and , Oh , so you had to go around with paint all over you , Yeah , I had to drive to the store -- temporarily , anyway . 

-- yeah , I had to drive to the store with paper towels all over my hands to go buy -- Oh , . -- some paint thinner , and MUMBLEx and everything like that , and then , um , downstairs in the apartment , I just us , we just used a latex base , and so you can drip it on , you know if you dripped it on something , as long as you wiped it up , it was real easy to clean . Oh , is , is that what you usually use in the house , is latex ? Yeah , and , and -- Um . -- it , it just like the same with the toys , it 's just important to look for one that does n't have lead in it , you know , it says Safe for Children , and all that . 

Uh-huh , yeah , I heard about that . I guess a friend of mine had a , uh , well , she , she just started up a day care center , and uh , the , one of the real strict , uh , restrictions , was the fact that she had to have a special kind of paint that was fire proof and lead free and all that other good stuff -- Yeah . -- so , uh , she had that done . But , uh , Have you painted anything recently . Wow , was it huge ? -- that you keep some , um , farm equipment in -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , what I had to do is just coat this bare wood with a sealer , 

and , uh , I had this big five gallon jug , and it was like paint thinner . I mean I , you know , it looked just like , it was the viscosity of paint thinner -- Yeah . -- but , uh , you just took a roller and put it on there , and , uh , if you saw that the wood was getting wet , you know , that was , that was all you needed . So . Wow . Yeah , it was , it used all of it . I guess it was about three hundred yards worth . So . Well , I guess it worked out . It was pretty easy , actually . Yeah , I think though , um , we 're lucky that we did n't have to do any detail work , because I do n't know if I could , you know , I do n't know , I do n't know , must be difficult , Well what about the trim in your house ? Did you have to do that ? No , it was j- , it was really easy , I just , like , what , we had a couple of different size brushes -- Uh-huh . -- you know , real easy , I went around the trim , and if it , and there was wall paper , like I was do , just doing just the trim outs that , around the doors and windows and there was wall paper and -- Uh-huh . 

-- if we got it on the wall paper a little bit , we just wipe it right away before it dried , it came right off -- Oh , yeah , -- so there was no major mistakes , there was , Did you have , uh , one coat or two ? Uh , two , actually -- Uh-huh . -- um , and it , there was , um , you know , around the windows , if you got it on the glass , we let it dry and scraped it after that but that , Yeah , that would be really time , uh , a time saver . 

Well , yeah , if you just , you know we did n't tape anything , we were n't that careful , but it was n't , you know , I do n't know , it 's , it 's funny , it 's like , if you just go slow , you do n't get , or at least I did n't get that many mistakes -- Uh-huh . -- I did n't make that many mistakes , Oh , me , I would have had to have taped the whole thing , and then brushed around the edges , and , and then I 'd have probably rolled it on . I 'd , it would have taken me forever . Why ? Just because you 'd be afraid to do it , or have you done it before . Yeah , well , the first time it 'd probably would have taken me forever , so . Well , it was n't , if it was my own I would have , but my friend said , oh just go ahead , you just go ahead , it 's easy . I said , Okay , it 's your place , Well , how long did it take you all ? Well , a couple of week ends we would go down -- Uh-huh . -- two or three hours on the weekends , and , So there was two of you all ? No , there was , they were doing all sorts of repairs , and there was , I was just painting because I do n't know how to do anything else . Well , that 's easy enough . So , there 's a whole bunch of people . Um . So now I feel like if I ever buy a house , I can probably paint , if nothing else . I think I could probably do it -- Yeah . -- uh , as long as the hardware store told me what to buy , then I could do it . But you know , I went in to a hardware store to get paint for those toys , and the guy said , Oh , get this , it 's a nice shiny gloss , which was true , but I did n't realize what , you know , pain it is to clean the brushes and everything , if you do n't have latex I do n't if it 's worth the shine , Uh-huh . 