Well , how about you . Do you use P C -s ? Oh constantly . Yeah . You and me both . It seems everything I do is computer related . Huh-uh . And if it goes down , then we 're stuck all day . Yeah . And so I like the I B M P C , personally . Huh-uh . But that 's pretty much everything I 've worked with and , uh , I 've become so accustomed to it that , uh , it 's second nature . Yeah . What do you use ? Well , I have an , I , I B M P S two , model thirty . Yeah . It 's kind of , kind of getting too slow for me , but my job , I 'm an E D P auditor , so I audit , uh , computer applications both on the personal computer and the mainframe level . Oh , huh-uh . And I use my personal computer constantly , not only do I do P C type things like , uh , using lotus or word processors , Huh-uh . I also use my P C to emulate a mainframe terminal for our I B M mainframe -- Huh-uh . -- and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine . Oh , okay . So all I have on my desk is my P C , but I 'm , I 'm getting , not only our local area network , but I 'm getting two separate mainframe machines , also . Oh , okay . So we , um , we use , it 's an I B M P S two also . Huh-uh . And , um , you know , every now and then the file gets so big , that , you know , it moves slower than I 'd like -- Huh-uh . -- but I , uh , I do mainly graphic work on it . Huh-uh . And , uh , a little bit of word processing and then lotus applications to it . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know , I just , I enjoy working with them . Yeah . There 's so many capabilities out there , I mean , the things you can do are endless . Yeah . I 've become kind of the P C guru in our audit department because it 's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground , Huh-uh . And there 's three of us E D P auditors and one of the three of us has an accounting background and so she 's not real proficient in P C 's and the other just has , Yeah . not used P C 's that much , so I ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they 're doing and I 'm the administrator for our local area network . And I need to keep that going and , 

Huh-uh . So , I , I 'm , I could n't live my life without a P C . I do n't have one at home , We have one at home , 

but I just do n't find the time that I can use it . Yeah . Right now I would rather not have one at home , because I would work at home . Yes . Um , we 've got a couple of portable lap top P C 's at the office that I end up bringing one of them home a lot , Huh-uh . to do work . If I had a machine already installed at home I would probably work just about every night . One of the reasons why I got mine , was before I went on maternity leave , they did n't know how they were going to do without me at work because , I am pretty much the , like you said , the guru , Yeah . in the office with the different programs and MUMBLEx any trouble shooting that there is , Huh-uh . and , um , so they did n't know how it was going to work , they knew they were going to have to get a modem so that we could , MUMBLEx in the decks machine so that we could , in my home , so that we could make it through this eight weeks or so . Yeah . But , uh , you know , it 's , uh , it 's almost like we could become too dependent on them . Yeah . And oh , I , we use a lot of free lance . Huh-uh . And , uh , that 's , uh , pretty much takes up a lot of our day so for as producing transparencies and things . Yeah . And , um , it , uh , compared to the way the things have upgraded , Right . Have , uh , really , what 's the word I 'm looking for , I 'm just totally drawing a blank . But , uh , the way things have changed over the years with the P C and the different programs is just great . It 's remarkable the things we can do now , and compared to , you know , a few years . Yeah . Just the power , I 'm , I 'm trying to , uh , get an updated machine . Mine , uh , is just putting along . And it 's not fast enough for a new four eighty six chip , but , uh , Yeah . I do n't know if my boss will spring for it . But I 'm determined to brake mine so he has to get me another one . We think about that a lot . Yeah . Well , that 's what I do . We had a printer , a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer . Huh-uh . And we had about ten people sharing this printer by , it was attached to like a central P C and you had to take your diskette to the P C to print something . Um , now that 's awful . So the first thing when I started working at this bank , is , I said , well , now first of all we need to all be able to share this P C without getting up . So I talked my boss into investing in a , it 's not a , uh , a uh , real elaborate local area network , Huh-uh . but we can share the printer and we can , uh , send files to each other , Okay . And we can mail , send mail messages to each other , Oh , okay . which is good enough , it 's what we need . Right . And then I talked them into buying a H P Laser Jet . Oh , yes . And that was a major ordeal to get him to buy it . But once he bought it , he has been so pleased . It 's , it 's fast , it 's quite , 

oh , it has good copy . Right . The copy that you can MUMBLEx with one of those as compared to one of those dot matrix printers . Yeah . I 've got a little , little , uh , I B M Pro Printer on my desk , Yeah . but , and I can use either the Pro Printer or I 've got my P C configured to where I can use either printer . The one that 's on the network or my own . Huh-uh . So if I just need something real quick , and I do n't feel like getting up and going and getting what I printed , I can just print it in my office . Um , we 're just trying to talk ours into getting a laser printer . Yeah . And , uh , it 's just so , the budget restraints and things like that , it 's , makes it difficult and , uh , They have gotten really cheap . Hewlett Packard makes , it 's actually a dot matrix printer -- 

Huh-uh . -- but the quality is almost laser quality . Oh , huh-uh . And I think it 's called the desk jet and they 're , you understand , I think they 're about five hundred dollars now . And we , uh , got a quote on some laser printers the other day at six hundred dollars . Oh , really . Yeah , I do n't remember what kind they were , but , uh , we do a lot of transparencies . Huh-uh . Sometimes the color would take too long to plot out . Yeah . So they just want black and white , which MUMBLEx see we can just run them through the laser printer real quick . Yeah . 

Because it will only take a minute to print one of those out and then run a thermal copy of it . Yeah . But , uh , it , uh , So that 's all you need for like MUMBLEx charts and stuff . You do n't need them in four colors . No , huh-uh . If it was a customer presentation then that would be different . Yeah . We would want to razzle-dazzle a bit . But , uh , it 's , uh , yeah . We have one in the office and if we want , well in our area , if we want to use it , we have to , you know , like you said , you had to change it , put it on a disc , And carry it over to there , and see if they 're not using the printer , You use the sneak- , system . Right . Yeah . 

And , uh , wait for an opportunity to use it . Yeah , we you 'd have to just sit and wait while someone else was using the printer . Huh-uh . Until they got off the machine . I know , I know , I understand . That was , I was amazed when I came to work , I worked at the , uh , well , it used to be the largest bank in San Antonio until N C N B came up and bought the rival and now N C N B . Huh-uh . And now N C N B 's got a little larger market share , but it 's the only , uh , well , it 's part of the bank holding company and that bank holding company of the ten largest banking holding companies in Texas . It 's the only one that 's still alive . Oh , huh-uh . Any way , I work in a big prestigious place . Right . And I could n't believe when I walked in the door on my first day and here 's the audit department of this , this huge holding company , sharing a H P Rugged Writer . I was going oh , wait a minute . Come on guys , this is crummy . So how are you supposed to expect to stay number one when you 're behind the times in technology . 

Yeah , yeah . We 're pushing real hard though . We 're , we 're trying , well , see , the entire bank is not like that . We , 

the , the bank philosophy is one of innovation and , Huh-uh . Lead the market . It 's just the audit department happened to be just a little behind the times because the , uh , the senior vice president , over audits , is cheap . Huh-uh . And it 's real hard to pry money out of him to , to do these things , but I was , I was able to convince him that it would be cost effective and that our board presentations would be much better and , Right . Um . We find it hard to believe sometimes , or hard to understand when , uh , we work for a computer company , and , uh , how are we supposed to present the imagine that we 're supposed to present with equipment that 's outdated , Yeah . That 's obsolete 

and the guys that , some of the guys that run this place are very tight and it 's like , Well , why do we need this , 

ca n't you do that with , you know , what we have , and when we try and then they complain about , this does n't look good . Yeah . Unfortunately , the , the , uh , computer equipment and , and related peripherals are changing and improving so rapidly , like for instance , we bought a ... 