Now we 're ready . Do you have a personal computer ? We have one . You do , in your home ? Yes , yes , ma'am . I do not have one in my home . I use one all day at work , but I do n't have one at home . Do you wish you , Do you find you use it a lot ? I do n't use it as much as my children and my husband do . 

My , actually my husband and I are taking a class at our local junior college called micro , micro computers one o one and we 're just touching on data base , spreadsheets and word processing and just kind of , you know , different kinds of storage and we 're just kind of touching on a basic -- 

Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- computer . What kind do you have ? We have an I B M compatible . It 's a Gateway brand -- Uh-huh . -- that we bought mainly for our children to have educational programs . Uh-huh . Well , that sounds interesting . Yeah . What kind of a computer do you use at work ? I have a , a P S one I B M type . Uh-huh . Uh , and I use it all day at work and I put all my personal stuff on it at work . Uh-huh . So I really do n't , have n't had a need for one at home but probably if I did n't have access to one all the time at work , I 'd want one at home . Right . I worked on my airline Apollo Focal Point computer for about four years . Uh-huh . Which was different . Yeah . But I did n't , What is that tracing , tracking the flights and things ? Right , right . Uh . How long are we supposed to talk on this ? They tell us when we 're through . Oh , okay , okay . This is , They come in and tell us . Have you just started doing this ? This is my very first time . Oh really ? Yes . They 'll come in and tell us that the switchboard is full now and it 's time for you to wind up in the next thirty seconds or something like that . Oh , okay . It 's not more than five min- , , Uh-oh . But , I 'm going to ignore that . That 's a call on my other line , so -- Oh , okay . -- I 'm just going to ignore it . But , Oh , okay . That , I have that , too . It 's kind of a hassle when you have this , but other times it . W , where do you work ? I work at Texas Instruments . Oh , you do ? Yes . Oh , well , of course . I sure do . Of course . That 's why you , why you 're making these calls , right ? Well , no , I 'm doing this at home . I 'm already home for the day . Oh , I see . Well , this is a pretty good deal . I do it , you know , I ca n't do it at work . I , I 'm , I work in the legal department so I 'm pretty busy . Uh-huh . But I use my P C there mostly for creating legal documents . We use Word Perfect , Lotus . Uh-huh . Uh , Oh , you do know Lotus , huh ? Oh , that 's great . That 's something we want to learn . Yeah , it 's really , I love Lotus . Oh . I think that 's about my favorite . 

I 've heard that people that finally learn how to use it really like it . Uh-huh . That 's great . It really is , and I know there 's still a hundred things I do n't know how to do on it . Uh-huh . But , uh , you know , you learn something every time you use it . I have a question . On this , this thing that I 'm , this survey or whatever , you know , this -- Uh-huh . -- I volunteered for . Do I start calling in myself or do I wait for people to call me ? You can , did they give you a number to call ? Right , and eight hundred number . You can start calling in whenever it 's convenient for you but you can only make one call a day . Oh , only one a day . Yeah , if you 've talked to someone , like you 're talking to me now -- Right . -- and I place the call , this counts as your call . Oh , So you can not make a call now until tomorrow . Oh , I see . Okay , so then , do you get the five bucks or do I ? No , we both do . Oh , we both do . Well that 's -- Did n't they -- -- a , 

-- ask you for your I D number when you answered ? Right , I had to put that in . Okay so you both do . 

Well , that 's a pretty good deal . From what I understand . So why , why are we doing this ? It 's for research . Actually , I 'm doing this for somebody else but , you know , for a friend of mine . It 's a research type project on -- Uh-huh . -- uh , voice activated electronics , you know . Oh . To , uh , it 's , uh -- It 's almost like that , -- well they call it the speech lab that is setting this thing up . Like a voice command -- Uh-huh . -- computer type -- Uh-huh . -- thing , oh . They 're doing research for a lot of big companies from what I understand on this . Now I do n't know , Well , that 's wonderful . I do n't know everything about it but they , uh , try to get as many people as they possibly can to contribute to this and that way they can check voice patterns . I see , different kinds of voices and things . Uh-huh , and get the computer where it recognizes voices . Wonderful . See that 's why I , it 's interesting because you have I , I 'm going to say you have an accent . Well , I probably do because I 've , And I , and I think that I do n't . I mean to you but , you know . Well , I 've been b , I was born and raised in Texas . Have lived here forever 

so I probably do . And you 're in what city ? I 'm in Richardson . It 's right outside of Dallas . Okay , my sister , one of my sisters lives in Plano . Uh-huh . And that 's right outside of , Well , Richardson 's right between Dallas and Plano . How about that . 

I probably went through Richardson , then . You probably did . And then I have a sister that lives in Austin . Uh-huh . But , Well , what are you doing way in Washington ? Well , we 're actually all from Nebraska . They just are recently moved there . My brother-in-law is director of Admissions at the University of Texas -- Uh-huh . -- in Dallas . Well , that 's interesting . Yeah , and then my sister works at the Air Force Base . Uh-huh . So I imagine they use personal computers . Actually , yes , they both have personal computers . 

Do they do their correspondence on it ? Uh , I think they just send Christmas letters on it . Uh-huh . 

As far as I , mostly my one sister uses hers for her children . Uh-huh . You know , children 's games . 