Where do you live ? Uh , in the Houston area . Uh-huh . Well , I used to . 

I lived there for a long time . But I 'm now in Palo Alto , California which is , I think , the recycling capital of the world . Oh , that 's great . So , we have many recycling activities and I 'm , and in full , uh , support of all of them . Oh , we are too . Our community is , uh , just starting to get organized about it . They just opened up a recycling center where we go and donate our , our things and dump them off ourselves . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , Well , that 's something but it , it seems to me that we 've gotten a whole lot better , um , cooperation out here , uh , by setting it up so that we pay just a little bit extra , uh , actually I do n't think we pay very much extra at all too , but the , uh , garbage men , Uh-huh . come by , uh , on your regular garbage day and pick up the recycling out at the curb . I think that 's great . There 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out . I do n't know if it 's , the , if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded , uh , bags and , uh , bins . Yeah , we have burlap sacks , Oh . and they give us one for aluminum and , uh , steel , one for metals , Uh-huh . and one for glass , and then you can either bundle your newspapers or put them in grocery bags . So , we have , we leave three little piles , that they need out on the curb every Thursday and the garbage men come by and , uh , collect them and leave us new bags when ours get old and ratty or leave the ones if they 're still in good shape . Oh , that 's great . And , the , it really pays for itself because , oh , then the city , Uh-huh . gets the money from the recycling . Yeah , we 're , we 're all for it . Our , um , we 've got several bins in our , on , in our garage where we , uh , you know , sort things out and , and take it to , to the appropriate places . Yeah , the one thing I wish we could recycle is magazines . But they claim that because of the way they 're bound they , uh , it 's too expensive to recycle them . At my office , Yes . we have two big cardboard boxes in the library where everybody goes to pick up their mail , and they 're , uh , one 's for white paper and one 's for colored paper so anything like manuscripts or computer paper or so- , 

Uh-huh . things like that goes in those boxes , but we get tons of catalogs and things like that and magazines , and there 's no way to get rid of them . It just seems like such a waste . Oh , it does . It does . But I 'm sure that they can , uh , find some sort of , uh , use for them if , you know , you know , there , I 've seen talk about , uh , using garbage for , uh , energy . Uh-huh . And so , you know , you could also apply the magazines toward that . Well , that would be a help . I wish they would do that here . We have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade . Yes . And it 's really going to be a mess when they have to start hunting for places to put the things . Oh , I know it . We did have , uh , another novel , uh , experiment start this year . Now we can put all our yard clippings out . Oh . You can , you buy these super giant heavy-duty paper bags , they 're about four-feet high . Uh-huh . And you get them for I think it 's about fifty cents apiece at the grocery store you , um , usually buy them by the dozen . 

Uh-huh . And then you put all your lar- , yard clippings and , uh , leaf rakings and anything that will be compostible . Oh , uh-huh . And those and they , the garbage men also pick those up on Thursdays . Oh , that 's great . And then the , uh , they take them to a special part of our dump where composting is now in full swing , and at the end of every year , uh , they sell all the composts to nurserymen and to local people who want to put it on their flower beds . Right , well , that 's a great idea . I wish we were that , uh , involved in , uh , or that our city was so involved in , that involved in recycling , Yeah . like that 

because , you know , I 've talked to many people and we would n't mind going its extra effort to do it . Uh , If they make it so that it 's not a horrendous inconvenience , I think most people would . Yeah , oh , yeah . You know , and I do n't mind , you know , at first it was the , the little extra money that you got , you know , returning the cans in and stuff like that . Right . But now , you know , I do n't mind as long as things are getting recycled , you know , that we do n't get reimbursed . No , I think it 's , it 's , to me more of a convenience to have them come pick it up , Uh-huh . then to get that two cents when you take it to the store . Oh , I , oh , I know it . We still have bins at the grocery stores where you can turn in bottles and cans , Uh-huh . for cash . But so few people , uh , have enough to make that worthwhile you 'd spend more in gas getting down there then you get back . Right . Yes . And then the , plus the time that you waste standing in line is valuable also . Now do the grocery stores in Houston have recycling for their paper bags and plastic bags ? We have , I know of one that , the one that we use , uh , has , uh , recycling for the bags . Uh-huh . And , uh , and they 're promoting the cloth bags . You know , the reus , reusable cloth bags . Yeah , well , we can get a nickel apiece for any paper bags that we bring back to be reused . Oh , that 's great . 

They just take it off like they do a coupon . They can just subtract it from your bill , Oh . and they have a giant bin by the front door for the plastic bags , Uh-huh . and they say , y- , as long as it 's clean they do n't want a plastic bag that 's full of goop . Yes . Here they do n't want your rotted tomatoes . But they want any clean and dry plastic bag so I keep , and the thing is , I hardly have room now for all the things that we 're saving it to recycle , so right outside the back door , I 've got the two burlap bags hung up for the cans and bottles , Uh-huh . and wi- , there , right outside the , that place where the garbage can is we have the bag for the newspapers , and now we 've got the bag for the plastic bags . I understand , uh , my husband about once a weekend he 'll go , uh , to a couple of areas where he knows that the people just throw cans out . Oh , yeah . And he 'll go pick them up because he just ca n't stand that . He , he , Well , how nice , that 's great . And , uh , it 's so , you know , 

he , we have all our piles of , of recyclables also . Uh-huh . I remember at Christmas the , the only thing that I 'm , when you were talking about the composting , the only thing that our city did that was they di- , uh , provided a place for us to take our Christmas trees . Uh-huh . Uh , to for them to mulch . Yeah . For , for city use . Well , that 's , they just put all our Christmas trees in the regular , uh , compost , Uh-huh . pickup so they did say that you had to put it out within , I think it was , uh , three weeks after , Uh-huh . Christmas . Right . And , uh , otherwise you would have to treat it like you would any other lawn refuse . It would have to be cut into four-foot lengths . So , you know , if we have branches or something , Uh-huh . they have to be cut in four-foot lengths , but otherwise , uh , they have to be in one of their paper bags . Well , that sounds like you all really have a , a great system worked out there . And they even picked up our , uh , Styrofoam pl- , packing materials . They brought , uh , the week after Christmas they left a plastic bag on everybody 's front doorknob with a little note on it saying , we 're trying something new next week only , Uh-huh . if you have any , uh , of those little , uh , Styrofoam peanuts that , Uh-huh . any of your Christmas presents were packed in , put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling and we 'll , uh , take all of those back and try to recycle them . Right . Well , see that 's one , But I , that 's not going to be a regular feature . That was just a one time thing right after Christmas . Well , the , but , uh , something nee , does need to be done about the Styrofoam that , uh , Well , those things must take up a huge amount of space in landfills . Oh , yeah , I mean , they do n't , uh , uh , They do n't mash . No . They do n't compress at all . And they stay forever . Right . And I 've seen where some places have taken a plastic and , uh , they 're recycling them into other plastics . Uh-huh . And the Styrofoam also into insulation and things like that and I think that would be great if they could get something organized along those lines . Yeah , I do too . The difficulty with that is that very few people have enough to make it worthwhile . It , they really have to rely on businesses that generate a lot of that stuff . Right . Uh , because otherwise , uh , you know , they 're not going to go house-to-house collecting it , 

and you 're not going to bother if you have one bag full , Uh-huh . 

to drive all the way to some recycling center to turn in just your little plastic peanuts . Right . Oh , I was thinking about , you know , like the , uh , the Styrofoam used at , uh , the fast-food restaurants , Yeah . that if everybody , uh , and so , yeah , I know like our cafeteria here uses a lot of Styrofoam but , uh , Now we quit that about two years ago , no , three years ago when we got china mugs for everybody . Huh . So , and the only difficulty with that is that we 're in the middle of a five-year drought and so i- , it 's a real difficult choice whether we want Styrofoam cups to fill up our landfills or , uh , china cups to use up our water . But at the moment we 're using the china cups , and everybody gets one at the beginning of the year , and then , uh , you 're supposed to keep it recycled every day . Well , that 's good . That 's a , Yeah . they should last awhile . Well , let us hope that everybody 's going to be paying more attention to this and that we will get , uh , better reuse of things because , I believe we are . I h- , I have to believe everybody is starting to pay attention and take heed of what is happening . Yep . And so it will , it will be good , It sure will . in the long run . Well , I enjoyed it . Well , good to talk , 