Well , as far as I 'm concerned and it 's probably apt that your call 's at this time because we just got through watching , uh , REASONABLE DOUBTS . Uh-huh . Which had a , you know , capital case in it . And , uh , m- , I personally have , uh , my own feelings about , uh , capital punishment is I think it should be mandatory upon a third conviction felony . I do , too . Mandatory , I mean , summary execution , on the steps , that day . Uh-huh , well , I think , you know , I 'm , I 'm in that same , I think if it 's , uh , if it 's a con , if it 's a convicted , uh , felon on parole -- Uh-huh . -- uh , and he goes out and , and commits another crime or kills somebody , I , you know , I , I feel the same way , I do n't think , I think that person is , is beyond , uh , rehabilitation and , and he should be taken out . Well , I , I also firmly believe that no one is beyond reclamation . Uh-huh . But , I do know that some people , almost all people usually die before that point . Uh-huh . They just get too old . Uh-huh . Uh , as far as capital punishment , on , on it 's own merits , I have the trouble with the way it 's applied . I think it should be applied , d- , on a little bit more fair manner . Uh , and I 've , I 've said this very often and I believe it to be the , a very true axiom , Uh-huh . Right . Kill you . Yeah . They will kill you . And if you 're black and you kill a black guy , you know , it 's , you know , two hundred hours of community service . Yeah , 

you do n't hear , you do n't hear too much about , of those cases . Well , it 's a social -- Yeah . 

-- disease that we have called one upsmanship , you know . Yeah . We 're the majority , so we can do whatever the hell we want to do . That 's right . And you 're the minority and you 're stuck with it . Huh . But , uh , you know , we had this in the Vietnam war , you know , we had , you know , population of blacks among military people in Vietnam was about eighty percent . Right . But the population of blacks in the military was about twenty-two percent . 

Huh . The handwriting 's on the wall there , is n't it ? Yep , it sure is . You know , but that 's another issue altogether . Yeah it 's , As far as capital punishment , I think that , uh , ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment . I think the guy should have ninety days and if he ca n't produce evidence -- Uh-huh . -- not argument , but evidence , See , the only thing I do n't , you know , I do n't understand , I guess I , I do n't understand our judicial system , uh , as it is right now because I , you know , if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death , how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of ex- , execution ? I mean , how , you know , is -- Well , -- there , Th- , that goes back to when , uh , America was a , a colony of England . Uh-huh . In England , you went to court , you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty , you know , judge said , he 's guilty , kill him . Well , th- , there were some people that , uh , that had a problem with that . Uh-huh . Because they found out later on that , jeez , you know , a guy will lie rather than get killed . Right . And he 'll say , you know , hey , that guy did it , you know , not me . Yeah . And , uh , or he 'll have somebody lie for him . You know , people lie , it 's a -- Yeah . -- strange thing , but they do that , and to prevent that kind of misuse of power , they wrote into the Constitution a protection -- Uh-huh . -- against judicial mishap . Huh . And the judicial mishap in this event would be , hey , you got the wrong guy . Look at that guy , uh , at E Systems . Yep . They were g- , they convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit . Yeah . He was too far away when it happened . He had witnesses that were , you know , they were n't dope dealers , they were n't drug fiends , they were employees of a , an establishment that had a very high level of security sense , too . And these were really responsible people . Huh . You know , and they convicted this guy because somebody says , well , he looks like the right guy . They all look the same to me , you know . Yeah . Big lips , flat nose , yep , that was him . Yep . What do you think about , uh , uh , convicted , uh , 