Well , what would you have at a dinner party ? Well , uh , lately , since I have children I 've cut down on having dinner parties . Uh-huh . but when I do I try to keep it pretty simple on things that I can prepare ahead of time , uh , I have one recipe for , uh , a really good , um , type of a meatball . It 's called burgundy meatball and it 's made with red wine and , Oh , gosh , um -- that sounds great . -- It 's , it 's really good and you can make it ahead of time and then , um , make the sauce when you 're ready to , um , to serve it . Uh-huh . That 's one of my favorite things to , to serve . Well , um , I think it would probably depend on whether this was a formal or a informal dinner party . Sure . But if it was informal , my first choice would be crawfish . Oh , really . 

Well , I guess being from that part of the country . Because , I mean , crawfish , everybody over here likes crawfish but -- Uh-huh . -- you know , I , I would n't have to worry about satisfying my guest . But if it was a formal dinner party I would probably think of something else like , uh , shrimp , shrimp fettucini is real easy -- Yeah . -- to , um , make and everything and it 's usually well liked by people , I guess , I 'm just a seafood fan so , Well , how do , 

I think on the lines of , make , how do you , you cook crawfish ? I , in fact , I just came back from the grocery store and being in Texas we do n't have too many , you know , people that , that eat crawfish but they had live crawfish , Oh , yeah , on sale . um , you 're not supposed to , I mean , you 're not supposed to eat them dead . I mean , Uh-huh . well , you eat them dead but , Do n't buy them that way . Right . Because if , if they are dead for too long , you can always tell whenever they 're cooked if they 've been dead for a long time because their tail straightens out . Uh-huh . And you 're not supposed to eat those because they 're bad for you . Okay . Well , I 'll remember that . Yeah , so if you ever go in a restaurant , order crawfish , 

I mean , every once in a while you 'll see on- , I mean , it does n't happen very often because it 's just an accident but if the tail is straight on it then , yeah , Uh-huh . do n't eat it . But , um , you just put some Cajun , well , lots of pepper -- Uh-huh . -- and you just boil them and they 're absolutely wonderful but there 's , uh , they 're a pain to peel for some people . Once you get used to it they 're real easy but , um , you know , if you have nails or anything you can plan on those being shot . Huh . When you were , um , whe , when you serve it do you shell them and then serve em too ? I think for a dinner party I , I do n't know it depends . 

Um-hum . Like if , like my age , if there was a bunch of college kids coming over for a dinner party , no , I , they would shell their own , Sure . you know , we 'd just have crawfish and beer or something but , um , if it was more formal like if I was , you know , working environment then I would probably , um , sh , shell 'em or at least disconnect them from the head . But there 's a , Still have see that . There 's a , big thing over here that everybody sucks the head . So , um -- Ooh . -- it , it would just depend . That 's the best part of the crawfish .  Sucking the head But um I do n't know it jus- i- it just depends on what type it was I guess But you can buy uh the crawfish shells already peeled 'n everything And usually you use those like for frying Um-hum or to put in salads or to um You know make a sauce with or something like that But you can go ahead and buy 'em cooked and shelled and they 're more expensive of course but Does it taste a lot like shrimp Um Yeah Uh-huh . Yeah . Just um The crawfish I mean it just has a taste of its own It also depends on who 's cooking it and how much seasoning they use Sure stuff like that but um I think that And also to get totally off the subject of crawfish lots of vegetables and hors d'oeuvres and stuff like that for a dinner party I think that that really helps Yeah . We have a a friend another couple where the husband is the one who cooks  all the time And That 's what I need Yeah that 's what I wish I had but in our family I am the one who who cooks And I I really enjoy it it 's gotten a little more difficult with kids But I really do enjoy cooking And we um we have them over for dinner Uh-huh back and forth quite a lot And before I had my second child we sort of had a contest going where   Oh ! you know he would cook and then the next time it would be my turn and I 'd try to outdo him  and then he 'd try to outdo  me and we we  was really a lot of fun I bet and that that got pretty competitive Yeah you know as 

it did far as we we who tried could come to up be with the best recipe fancier or more courses than the other That or would be fun Uh it was a lot of fun you know it something unique you know and then we got into different um themes you know um whether it would be ethnic food Uh huh Or um sometimes it would be um oh Oh I do n't know maybe an outdoor theme or uh elegant theme or you know It was a lot of fun Sometimes it might be the candlelight and sometimes it might be the picnic out back That 's or something right Well  that 's you know that 's fun it was fun 

and and we threatened to make the other two uh make us dinner one time Uh huh Uh Just to even it out since we seemed to be unfairly doing all the cooking and they were doing all the enjoying That sounds right I 

I 'm would I 'd take him up on that It does except that knowing them they would probably do something  ridiculous and terrible just  just to uh make sure that they did n't have to do it again Uh huh  I 'd make hot be 

dogs or  some potato chips I that 's about how much I can cook  You know I 'm I 'm doing a lot more cooking now than I used to Uh-huh but that 's only because my mom just started working so she 's tired when she comes home in the afternoon so I try to have things cooked for her but Oh that 's nice uh um I usually try to stay out of kitchen I do n't know    not one of my favorite hobbies It can it can be fun I if you have the time But you know a lot of times it 's too much of a rush really be able to enjoy it Well um able 

my grandma speaking to of those meatballs again she owned every Christmas and and Easter 

whenever we have at the big get-together over at her house she makes this meat ball sauce and it has 

I do n't know they are just kind of like quarter size meatballs and Uh-huh they are absolutely delicious I do n't know what she calls them in I do n't I 'm sure she puts wine in it because um she cooks everything with alcohol But  um  I do n't know 

I would I would be interested in getting that recipe for you if you have it around Yeah it 's um it 's in the other room I do n't know if we Oh have enough time for it it 's real easy one of the unique things in this it 's like a pound of ground beef some bread crumbs um an egg um whatever seasonings you can just light Yeah so salt and pepper Um and chopped up water chestnuts Oh which is something different um 

that would be wonderful makes them a little bit crunchy you need to chop em up real fine Yeah But um it makes them crunchy and that adds something new to it And then the sauce is just made with um bouillion cubes Um-hum water burgundy wine and um cornstarch instead of flour Oh So it 's not a it 's not a thick rich type of a sauce it 's more of a when you use corn starch in in gravy like you know when you have um Chinese food Um-hum 

And it gives it a bit of a different consistency Well um how long do you cook the meatballs The meatballs you just um after you form them fry them in a pan until Uh huh they 're uh browned on all all sides and then drain off all the grease Uh then what I usually do is I freeze them And then when  you 're ready Oh to serve yeah them then you cook the sauce and then put the meatballs into the sauce And heat it probably you have to heat it up for a good oh if they 're frozen you know it may take a half for them to thaw out But then heat them thoroughly in the sauce itself Let them simmer in the sauce itself Hum and it 's real good That sounds great Especially I mean the fact that you can prepare the meatballs so so far in advance Right . I mean like if if And then freeze them you are having a dinner party on Wednesday night you could do it on a weekend Sure That would be great I think I 'm going to have to keep that in mind for my future because I  hope to have to have lots of dinner parties Cause I like to I mean um Um I 'm sure that I 'll be involved in a big company and I know that my future husband will be You know He 's going to be working for Chevron Uh-huh . in Houston so he 's going to be Um You know I 'm sure that dinner parties will Yeah you 'll come in handy meet friends invite invite the boss over Oh yeah and I have and to impress the boss friends at work and clients cause Um I 'm in I 'm in public relations in school Uh-huh . so I 'm going to have You know my whole job 's going to be based on my clients 'n stuff like that so Sure . I 'm going to have lots of dinner parties And have to take 'em out to eat Right now I 'm taking a class on ettiquesy and Oh all the little really bitty things that I did n't even know I  mean I thought for sure I 'd been raised properly but I 've been doing a lot of things wrong I did n't know  about but um So Is there anything else Well I I think we 've covered the subject I got some interesting information about crawfish I was in fact  It 's good cause I was curious about that today when I saw those for Oh sale yes you need to try em Oh they 're wonderful . Oh I will I 'm sure my husband will be surprised , 'cause we were talking about them the other day mm- before 