Okay . All right . What have you seen ? The latest movie I 've seen that I thought was fantastic was DANCES WITH WOLVES . That 's , I knew you were going to say that . I wanted , I want -- Oh , man . -- to go see that . I , I just finally ended up going to see it , uh , and one day my husband had the kids and I just went because we could n't , we could never get to go see it together because it 's so long . By the time we had a babysitter for that long . Gosh . So I finally just went to see it . And I just thought it was fantastic . Yeah . I , I , I watched , uh , Costner on the Academy Awards . I was really happy that he got , I was hoping he was going to get Best Actor . Yeah . Yeah . Uh , but he , he , he did pretty good on that one . That was quite a , the buffalo scene in that thing -- 

Yeah . -- was so real . It 's like , I mean it just -- Yeah , I 'd , I bet . -- blew me away . Yeah . There 're several of them that are out right now that I want to see . Uh , -- Yeah . -- DANCES . Uh , SILENCE OF THE LAMBS . Uh , I 'm , I 'm afraid to go see that one . That one looks so scary just , from the previews . I thought gosh -- Nay . -- I 'd probably have nightmares for the next six months . It 's supposed to -- Nay . That 's what people said , -- be good though . I know some friends who went to see it . Yeah . They said it was really riveting . Yeah . Well , you know , they , they , that 's what they said about THE EXORCIST , you know . No , no , it 's terrible . You 'll have nightmares , you know . I watched last weekend . Me and my roommate . We , we laughed about it . Well , you 're not a thirteen year old . I do n't know . 

I saw it when I was a kid and I thought , oh , man . Well , I 'll tell , well I guess , I , I guess it was because I 'd read the book before I saw the movie . Oh , uh-huh . And the book , to me , was far more frightening than the movie was . Oh , really . Huh . Gosh . Yeah . He 's a very good writer and he had a way of putting you in that scene , you know . It was , Oh , boy . Yeah . And , of course , I was , I was living alone at the time and it was late at night and scary and , you know . You start hearing noises -- Gosh . Call the crisis line . -- you know . Yeah , I bet . And there 's rats in the attic , you know . Oh , gosh . Uh , let 's see . There was a couple of others that are out , and I ca n't remember , I saw one I thought was crummy . With that new , uh , Michael J Fox movie , THE HARD WAY . Where he plays a , a actor that 's , uh , like th- , huh . Yeah . I , I did n't , I did n't even like the previews on that . Oh , I know . It was , well I ended up at the theater and there was , did n't seem to be anything else on I wanted to see , so I 'll try that . But it was n't worth anything . I did n't care -- No . -- for that at all . I , I do n't much care for Michael J Fox anyway . Yeah . Well , the last two I saw him in , one of those BACK TO THE FUTURE , PART THREE deals and that was crummy also . I -- Yeah . -- did n't think that was any good so . I saw the original BACK TO THE FUTURE and then I , I know , I hardly ever go see a sequel . Yeah . I mean , I think , I think the only I 've ever seen a sequel was TWO THOUSAND AND ONE . Oh , boy . Uh , TWO THOUSAND AND TEN was far better . Yeah . Yeah . TWO THOUSAND AND ONE was a good movie if you had read the book . Well , I had n't read it and I could n't figure what was going on half the time , so . Yeah . No , nobody could figure it out . I mean -- Yeah . -- the , the book was so much , uh , there 's just things , all you can do is put it in words . You ca n't put it in pictures . Yeah . Yeah . You know , a lot of that stuff that was going on in the film , you co , say what is this ? You know , what 's the significance of the apes , you know . Yeah , yeah . I should probably go back and read the book now that I just saw the movie again not too long ago . Oh , the book is really good . 

I mean , I , I keep a little library of books that I just like to read over and over again and that 's one of them . Wow . Huh . It 's , it 's so well written . Huh . Well , I have one I bet you have n't seen if you do n't have kids . OTIS AND MILO . Oh , you 're right . I have n't . Oh , that is , that is the most precious movie . It has , w- , to see it on the big screen because it 's just the most gorgeous nature scenes you 've ever seen in your life . And it 's all this , it 's the story of this little cat and dog and it 's not like cutesy . It 's just , uh , it 's just so realistic . Everything they do . You wonder how in the world they ever got them to do some of these things . Huh . Oh , those -- And it was , -- a real dog and cat ? A real dog and -- Huh . -- cat and all the other animals . They initially start out in the barnyard kind of setting where they 're raised . And then the cat gets , um , on this treacherous journey . He climbs into a box and ends up floating down this river and he winds up all over creation . I do n't know where in the world it is . Somewhere in China somewhere I think that it was filmed . Huh . But , uh , it 's just really an incredible thing . So , sounds sort of like the incredible journey . Yeah . It was pretty wild and MUMBLEx . Of course , the only sound is Dudley Moore narrates it . 

Uh-huh . But there 's no , you know , nothing else to keep it going . But it really keeps -- Huh . -- keeps me going . I , I 've seen it twice now . Yeah . Th- , that sounds a lot like a Walt Disney film . Huh ? Sounds a lot a like a Walt Disney film . Yeah . It was like the best of the Walt Disney ones . Walt Disney 's kind of gotten worse in my opinion over the past few years . Oh , yeah . Not anymore . I mean , I , I , I was raised on Walt Disney films . You know . Yeah . OLD YELLER . Uh , BIG RED . Yeah . 

All those old good ones that you , you know , wish they had on -- Yeah . -- more now , but . When I was a little kid , I saw the INCREDIBLE JOURNEY on Christmas Eve and -- 

Oh , boy . -- it was so good that I had forgotten -- Huh . -- that it was Christmas Eve . I mean -- That 's pretty good . -- that 's something for a kid . Really . And that was something for greedy old me at Christmas time , I 'll tell you . Let 's see . What are some other ones I 've seen lately . I 'm trying to remember . I ca n't . Oh , I just saw one on the video . Oh , um , have you seen THE GODS MUST BE CRAZY , PART TWO ? No . That is a riot . Is it ? Yeah . The first one was really good . But the second one , is really good too . I was really surprised . Yeah . I did n't much care for the first one . Maybe that 's , No , I thought it was funny . But , that 's my sense of humor . Well , I , I 'll have to go get that one I guess . It 's hard to find movies that are n't terrible violent or terribly bunch of sex going on anymore . And I 'm just , I guess I 'm just middle America or something . I just go to be entertained and -- Yeah . -- and not really interested in some of the , like the TERMINATOR or some of the Schwarzenegger stuff . I just . 

Yeah . I get so tired of , you know , these , you know , sequels . Number nine , number ten , number -- Yeah . -- fourteen . FREDDY 'S REVENGE PART TWENTY-FIVE or whatever . Yeah , you know . Yeah , you know . 

Yeah . I 've never , FREDDY EATS A NUCLEAR WARHEAD , you know . I , I 'm just , I 'm so sick and tired of that . I just ca n't believe it . It 's like ROCKY films . I -- Yeah . Yeah . I 've never seen any of those . -- I have n't seen a one . I ca n't stand Stallone . Yeah . I ca n't either . He seems so macho I just . Yeah . 

And I , I was afraid that RAMBO was going to do the same thing that ROCKY was going to do , you know . Yeah . Go into fourteen hundred episodes . Yeah . Now I do n't , I hardly ever watch T V . If I ever get the hankering to see something , I 've got , I do n't know , maybe about thirty or forty movies and I just , Yeah . When they 're so cheap too at the video stores that you can . Yeah . I do n't even rent them . You know . 

You do n't ? I , I figure if I find a movie I like , I 'll buy it . Cause I just watch them over and over again . That 's like , 

my husband does that . He can watch -- Yeah . I , -- them over and over . And I 'm , there 's very few I would want to see that many times . So he , he , once he has one he likes , he likes to watch it over and over . 

Yeah . My , my very favorite one that the top of the tick for me is , uh , EXCALIBUR . Oh , yeah . That was a good one . 

I have n't seen that one in a long time . I , I loved that film . Um , it 's just so well done . Yeah . And I lived over in England for four years , Oh , boy . That was the first place I ever saw it . Uh-huh . And it was just , gosh , 

it was so good . Oh , gosh . It was , it was filmed in Ireland . Huh . And they got pretty scenery in Ireland . Yeah , I bet . Yeah , it 's nice . Gosh . And I , I 've been down to the south of England where supposedly King Arthur 's castle was . Oh , boy . So , that really has a lot of meaning for you to see that . Yeah , it was , yeah it was unimpressive to look at . I mean , the whole thing was about the size of a , a medium house . Yeah . It was n't , Oh , really . Well , when I was in England years ago . And I went to , to like Shakespeare 's and , you know , Stratford-On-Avon -- Oh , yeah . -- and all that and it was like you could n't stand up inside of it because it was so -- Yeah . 

-- short . The ceilings -- Yeah . -- were so short . But . Yeah . Yeah . There 's some nice stuff over there to see . Yeah . I , I spent four years traveling around and did n't see , you know , hardly anything . I just , Oh , boy . I need , to go over there and stay about twenty years so I can just travel . Yeah . Go around all the places . Stonehenge , of course , you know . Every , everybody makes the obligatory trip to Stonehenge . Yeah , yeah . Okay , big deal . Here 's some rocks sitting out in the middle of a field . Okay . It 's boring . Did you see any movies over there ? I remember I went to see DON QUIXOTE over there when it came out . 

It came out right around the time , with Sophia Loren and that was a riot to see that . You know something , I , come to think of it , I do n't think I went to the movies one time . Yeah . Cause when you 're touristing , you probably do n't want to take the time to go see a movie . I , uh , where I lived . Uh , it was a little town called Newmarket . Huh . About seventy miles north of London . Oh , boy . And there was another town called Barry Saint Edmunds about twenty miles away from us . Uh-huh . And they had a little , uh , theater company there and we use to go , go out to that about once a week . Oh , boy . Yeah . A really nice place . You know , amateurs but really quite good . Yeah . Uh , but that was interesting . Course -- That sounds great . -- go to London quite a lot and see shows down there . Yeah . Uh , but other than that I just did n't have time to go to the movies , you know . Yeah . Never sho- , any , anyway , anything that I ever wanted , I rented a lot of videos . Uh-huh Cause the closest movie theater was Barry Saint Edmunds and who wants -- 

Oh , boy . -- who wants to drive twenty miles to go to the movies . Probably some of them did . A lot of , a lot of people did . Yeah . But it would have to be a good show . Yeah . It 's hard to know what the good movies are anymore . Yeah . 

Because sometimes the reviews you just ca n't go by . Yeah . I , I us- , they , they , they have all these neat phrases . Yeah . You know , you know , you know . Like critically acclaimed . That 's what they when the thing has n't won any award . Oh , I see . You know . They ca n't , It 's kind of like waterfront property or something -- Yeah , yeah . -- if you 're , you know , if you 're two miles away from water . Yeah , from Love Canal . Water view . Waterfront property here at Love Canal , you know . Yeah . But , you know , critically acclaimed . Oh , good grief . Give me a break . That 's wh- , I mean , there 's a lot of reasons why I do n't go to movies . Uh-huh . And primarily , I mean , I , now I 'm probably going to , going to upset you . But people who bring kids irritates the heck out of me . 