Um , I do n't , I am only twenty-eight and I have n't had much experience with nursing homes . I do n't , I have never visited any of them and , uh , I do n't think I 've ever even been in one . Have you ? Um , actually I have , um , I 've , I 've been in them but , um , just visiting and , uh , we used to g- , when we were like in , in our teen ages we 'd go on Sundays and visit , you know , the older people . But , um , I have an elderly grandma that lives with us . Uh-huh . And she 's lived with us for like five years . So I kind of know how it is to , how to decide if you want to put somebody in a rest home or , um , like we , I mean we 've had those discussions , you know , about should we put her in or because she 's pretty senile and , And it , it takes a lot of care like twenty-four hours a day someone , Yeah . has to be , It 's rea- , Well , there 's someone in my , my fiancee 's family . His grandmother too and they 're , that hi- , her son , his uncle , whatever , you know , anyway . He , he has , he 's recently retired and so he 's the one who she moved in with when she had a stroke and , and all the other children are working or whatever . Uh-huh . They 're all my parents age . And , uh , so he 's got , you know , his retirement though is really twenty-four hours a day . They have a day care two days a week . They call it senior citizen day care . But she goes in the senior citizen center . Oh , really ? So sh- , he gets a break two days a week but it 's only for like two or three hours at a time . 

Uh-huh . And , you know , just , you see a lot of things like you , you know , MUMBLEx was a great golfer and wanted to play golf when he retired , and you know that a lot of the things he thought he would do when he retired he 's not able to do now . Right . But he refuses to consider any other , I do n't , To put her in a rest home ? Yeah , and is that how your parents feel or , Um , well , see it 's more my grandma that feels that way . Uh-huh . She says that when her husband died that he said , oh , that my uncle had said that he would never ha- , put her in a rest home . So it 's kind of , uh , I do n't know . I mean , I do n't , I do n't think my parents would but she is getting pretty bad like she has to have like a little toilet right by her bed and , Uh-huh . it 's , and my mom has to take care of her pretty much so it gets , I do n't know . 

It 's , it 's a hard decision , but I do n't think I would do it to my parents personally . I know at this , I know I feel like I would never do that with my parents either , you know . But I , I really feel bad for the people I see th- , not very , I 'm not really , really experienced but like I said I just have that one family , and I just really feel bad for the guy who his whole life is different now and , than he thought it would be . But , When he retired ? Yeah , and he 's got , you know , seven brothers and sisters and , and , uh , he 's the one because he 's the one that is n't going to work every day and that she moved in with when she needed to move in with someone . And , Yeah , it 's like that good for us just because my uncle and my , and my mom switch off like we have her for three months and then he has her for three months . Oh , well , that 's great . So that , That 's a good idea . We ought to , that works out good . Yeah , and maybe when the other brothers and sisters retire or whatever , I do n't know what they 're going to do . It 's really not my family . It 's my fiancee 's so I do n't , I ca n't say much . Uh-huh . But I always feel like I would never put my parents in either and I wonder , I 'm going to be the only sibling that is n't going to have children so if my parents do need to live with someone , it will probably be with me because all my brothers and sisters will be having teenagers around and everything to care for . Really ? You know , and I 'm , I , that 's fine with me . I- , my fiancee and I both figure that 's what 's , we 're going to end up with both of the parents or whoever . If the- , You know what I mean ? We feel like , 

Uh-huh . it 's our responsibility , and I feel like I would never put them in a home . But I wonder how much , you know , if one of us is going to have to quit work someday or retire early or something . Uh-huh . You think about it and it 's really , I do n't know . This country kind of takes the worst care of the elderly of any other country . You think ? I , I -- And , -- I 'm not really familiar with how other countries , It 's really more of a , um , like a respect issue th- , that the older , older people in other countries that I 've been to seem to really have a lot more respect for the elderly people and , and they really seem as wise 

and , and in this country nobody really , They 're seen as senile . Yeah , nobody really pays attention and they , oh , the old-timer made with the old way and nobody respects the traditions . And , you know , it 's I , I 'm not saying that I do either but -- Right . -- you know , it 's just funny 

and , and we really do n't have any that do n't have the Social Security and everything really is n't that much -- Uh-huh . -- for elderly people to live on . You know , even if they 're in good health it 's incredible . Right . They do n't have any , they do n't get special treatment and maybe they should , you know -- 

Uh-huh . -- because we 're all going to get old someday . I know . And so it 's a , it 's kind of a depressing topic though . How old are you ? Um , I 'm twenty . So it is , yeah , and it must be rough for you too to see your grandmother . Yeah , it 's , MUMBLEx . it really is but , and she , she drives us craz , 