Okay . So , uh , Mike , what are your opinions on , uh , trial by jury ? Well I work for an insurance company so I see a lot of , uh , verdicts that are pretty crazily decided . Um , by juries particularly , and I know in England the judges set all of the awards . You know juries will decide the guilt or innocence , but then they leave the awards up to more learned people . And I think maybe that avoids some of these totally ridiculous , you know , like millions and millions of dollars . Uh-huh . Yeah . That , that seems to make sense but leave it up to the more experienced person who knows how it fits into the , uh , kind of the rate for different MUMBLEx . Oh , exactly . Each individual jury really does n't have any perception of what , um , the going , you know , if you will the going , uh , award should be for a certain type of case , you know , within some kind of range . Uh-huh . When you get one way out like that but then really does n't pen , wind up penalizing the person that they went after . Who it really penalizes is their insurance company which then translates into higher rates for all of us . Right . If they get some of those mega awards against them . You know , they 're not going to sit there and lose money . If they are losing money , then they 're going to raise rates . Right . Th- , they ha , So it all comes filtering down to us all in- , individually . Right . And , uh , granted some people need to be compensated if they have really been wronged , Well , you know . how do you feel about setting , like , well , for example , a car type accident where , uh , or some incident where someone loses a limb . Do you think the jury should have a dollar figure for losing an arm , a dollar figure for losing different body parts ? I do n't know . 

You know some of the health insurance is written that way . You know , that , uh , if you buy an accident and death or dismemberment policy , you know , it s , pre specified in the policy so much 

but I do n't know that you can necessarily put a , a value on somebody 's limb , 

Uh-huh . uh , arbitrarily that is always going to fit in all cases . I think maybe you look at , uh , the age of the person and their station in life and , and , uh , how much longer they have of work years that they would have to put up , you know , with , with that . I mean maybe you do n't award an eighty-five year old guy the same thing that you would award a twenty-one year old . Huh . I , I think it has to be some kind of common sense applied there . And there may be where the judiciary is a little more learned about that type of thing because they can be schooled in that kind of thing , Uh-huh . and that can be part of continuing education , maybe for judges . Yeah . I do n't know . . Right . You know , to get into the economics of things , uh , because if they wheel somebody into a courtroom and the jury 's heart goes out to that person and they do one of these mega awards , Yeah . it really , you know , ultimately is not penalizing the person that they 're trying for get away . That 's true . If it 's a company , you know that they 're insured . Unless the award is so staggering that it goes all beyond their layers of insurance which is another pet peeve of mine when they do award punitive damages , Huh . I think those should be uninsurable . I think those should have to be paid by the corporation itself that , Oh , out of thei- , r- , that did the damage . As opposed to the corporat , insurance paying the bills , Yeah . MUMBLEx . Yeah . Uh-huh . Well , we 're , For , for honest mistakes where they 've done something and , and something happens . One of their employees causes damage or something . Wh- , Sure . That 's what they buy insurance for . Who , who do they get , they get insured , they get insured from other insurance companies or how does that work ? Well , I was just talking about any company . Uh , Oh , okay , you 're talking about corpor- , let 's just say a lumber manufacturing company and , Sure . uh , somebody is on the premises and one of the employees actually is driving by with a forklift and he pushes the wrong button and he drops a load of lumber on somebody and it injures , Okay . them . Well , Sure . 

Insurance should pay for that . But in some instances you 're going to put companies out of business by taking that stance , if they have to take it out of their own retained earnings . Well I 'm not talking about any loss . I was talking about only losses that are judged for a punitive damage which is another category of , the juries are awarding damages these days based on the person 's actual injuries and what they are due . And then they are awarding a second amount as punishment to the company which is a l- , usually a lot less . But it 's an , an amount they 're , designed to sting them a little for their , That , negligence . For , oh , th- , For gross wanton negligence in a claim . Uh-huh . And unfortunately the ch- , the , lately the courts have been deciding that those could be paid for by insurance too . Uh-huh . 

So again , it never really penalizes , Right . That will , the company doing the wrong . They can go right on doing the same old thing they always used to . Huh . And if , if they know some practice is wrong , you know , I 'm not talking about your isolated occurrences , I 'm talking more about the , you know , the thing that they know , maybe they 're willfully manufacturing something that they know is hurting people out there and they continue to do it even after they become aware -- Sure . -- of that . Okay . Then I think they ought to have to pay something out of their own pocket . 