What do you think about the , uh , Peace Corps or public service commitment ? Uh , that 's the first I 've ever heard of it . I have n't heard of it , anything too much about it . Um , Well , I think it was , uh , thought up when there was so much controversy about reviving a draft and people said , well , they , uh , young people who were drafted have to provide military service to the country , but there are an awful lot of young people who would benefit from , um , some sort of public service , Uh-huh . like the Conservation Corps back in the thirties or , uh , various other things of that sort . And it seems to me that it 's , it 's not a totally bad idea , but I do n't quite see how they 'd make it work . Uh-huh . 

How would they decide who goes into , uh , building fire breaks in Yosemite National Park and who goes to Saudi Arabia ? Right , yeah . I , the , my first impression was , um , it would be v- , very good . I think it would be good for people to serve , but I do n't know if it should be an option . It would be great to have some of those organizations like you mentioned that were during the Depression or coming out of the Depression available for kids . And I think there are some available now where they are able to work , but making it a mandatory thing kind of , Yeah , the , the difficulty would be in whether it 's voluntary or involuntary . Right . And the people who were proposing it said that it should be involuntary , that it should be like a draft . Uh-huh . And some people would get military service and some people would get civilian , uh , service , like working in hospitals . This , I assume it 's the kinds of things that they had conscientious objectors do , when people were drafted and they refused to serve in the Army , they were allowed to do hospital service or , uh , things like that , and if they re- , or farm work in World War One I remember -- Uh-huh . -- uh , reading about . And , and I suppose that there is , uh , justification for taking everybody if you take anybody . Uh-huh . But I just really think that the difficulties involved in paying them , uh , sorting them out , assigning them , Uh-huh . 

training them would be insurmountable . It seems like you 'd have a lot more conscie , conscientious objectors if they had that choice . Yeah , well it 's a possibility . Yeah , you know , I 'd , I 'd much rather work in a hospital than , than to go war and I 'm sure most young men and women would . And so , uh , Well , I think that in the , in the cases that , like that , uh , they had to be , uh , pretty thoroughly examined to prove that they had pacifist and religious beliefs and so forth , Uh-huh . and that this was n't something new just to keep out of going to war . 

It was , uh , something that was a fundamental part of their philosophy of life . Uh-huh . Well , that makes sense . And then you run into , again , to , um , the bureaucracy in running it . You know , how you going to -- Oh , yeah . -- cover that many people because we 've got a lot more people now than we did then -- Sure , and , -- so , in addition to that , we have the cost because you have to pay something for , Right . their room and board and then you have to pay them some kind of a stipend , Uh-huh . uh , even if it 's like the Peace Corps where they do n't get most of it until they come home , Uh-huh . you have t- , have to pay them something . Plus the training involved . Oh , yeah . Yeah , that would be expensive in most cases . Yeah , Because , Now I had a lot of friends who went to the Peace Corps , uh , back in the mid sixties -- Uh-huh . -- and it really did seem to be a worthwhile organization , 

but on the other hand , I 'm not sure what the permanent value of it was . I do n't , Uh-huh . know what we got for all the money . We had an awful lot of idealistic people who went off to , uh , what was then East Pakistan is now Bangladesh , Uh-huh . 

and to , uh , Algeria and to , uh , Southeast Asia and lots of , uh , out-of-the-way places . But I do n't know if they really had significant effects in the places where they went , Uh-huh . in teaching the people how to cope with their lives better . Well , I know in , I personally took a year and a half and went as a missionary and taught Christianity in Japan . Uh-huh . And I was living such a stringent lifestyle that it was very beneficial to me . It taught me not to be so self-centered and it , you know , to think of others . Uh-huh . But I do n't know if I was doing it in different situation , you know , not a really religious background , if , if I would get a lot out of it . You know , I think I did because it , you know , it emphasized that sort of thing . You know , a lot of -- Sure . -- self evaluation . And it was definitely voluntary , too . They were not drafting you and sending you , Right . against your will . Right . And that , I 'm sure that would make a big difference , too . You know , you 've got , Yeah . Well , what about a voluntary program ? Do you think that would be a good idea ? Um , well , like I say , I know that there are some type of programs that they have available for a youth , like teenagers to go and do , um , work in the national parks and work in , uh , neighborhoods to do , um , clean up and that sort of thing . But I do n't know what organization it 's under . 

I do n't know if it 's a government run or if it 's a private -- I do n't either . -- charity that 's put it together . But I know that that helps a lot with training and , um -- Yeah , out here in California , -- a lot of , there 's a program like that for , uh , juvenile delinquents , the , the ones that are not dangerous and they do n't have to be locked up go to these , uh , camps . And they , Uh-huh . do forestry work . They maintain trails and they , uh , put up signs and they do fire prevention work and certainly things of that sort . Uh-huh . And that I know is run by the State , but there may be other things . I 'm not so sure what kind of , uh , training that is for the future for those kids . Yeah , how much benefit , It 's probably a , it 'll do them in the long run ? a very good way to keep them off the streets and out of trouble , but whether it 's something that they can put to , to economic use later on is a different subject . Right , especially in , you know , if you take a , a child that 's from the inner city and then put them in the , a middle of a park , if they go back to the inner city , they may not see trees for a while , That 's true . much less be able to take care of them . Good point , oh . So that 's , yeah , so that may not , may not benefit them in the long run . Yeah . But , Yeah , I 'm sorry , I 'm going to have to go , but my other line is blinking . Okay , well , thank you . But it was good to talk to you . You , too , bye-bye . 