Well , hi . I guess , uh , I 'll just start by saying that we entertain with , uh , a gourmet club here . Um , which means that we have like eight , eight people , four couples . Uh-huh . And most of the husbands , this is really peculiar , most of the husbands cook . Great . I mean , the wives during the day , you know , get , I guess , so burned out on cooking whatever they have to cook every day .  Um , you know they do n't really care about gourmet stuff , but it was the guys that got together and did all this . Oh , that 's nice . And , um , like my husband just , he really , really likes to cook in terms of , um , oh , barbecue , and I mean all guys , I think , like to barbecue . I think it 's caveman , Right , right . 

I 'm telling you , but , um , he really does cook and it 's a good thing because , you know , you ca n't , you ca n't knock that . No . But all these other guys do too , and so we 've gotten together and we just do these really elaborate gourmet meals .  And it 's really , really kind of a neat thing to do . You , How often do you meet ? Well , we try , I mean , because you know everybody is so active with their kids and all that . It 's like , you know , if we can do it once every six months , we 're doing well . Oh , yes , yes . Yeah . So , I mean we originally started out , you know , when we were younger -- Uh-huh . -- and did n't have so much stuff going on with the kids . Um , then we would , we tried to do it every other month , Yeah . but lately it 's just been once every six months . Oh . Well , that 's much more reasonable . I was involved in a , a club like that for , um , that , you know , where we tried to really do gourmet , uh , meals . Yeah . And , uh , we , we were a little bit too frequent I think . Oh . I do n't remember if we were once a month or anyway it was , it was difficult . By the time we went around it was , uh , four couples so , uh , by the time we got around , uh , to each of us and it was time again , we were almost tired , you know . Really , really . Um , partly because , um , wh- , gourmet cooking is not particularly conducive for regular dining . It 's too rich . Oh , it is absolutely . And , so , i- , we found that while we enjoyed the evening we regretted it the next day . Yeah . Um , so , uh , we , we kind of , and then one of the couples , uh , moved and so we sort of did n't , did n't continue it , but , um , and I must admit that as you say when your children start taking up your time , then you , you do n't have as much time for , uh , regular entertaining , but , um , uh , uh , when , when we entertain I usually try to find something that will be , um , kind of h- , good for everybody and that 's , Right . that sometimes means you ca n't do gourmet , Oh , yeah . because depending on who your guests are . Well , yeah , that 's true . And we have a gourmet friend that ca n't stand fish so I mean he can get within , Oh , yeah , well , one of my friends does n't eat any cheese at all . Oh , my . Uh , so that 's a real problem because so many dishes require cheese . Oh , yeah . Uh , well , I take that back . Uh , she ca n't eat some cream cheese . But that , that really limits , It sure d- , um , it makes you , uh , keep looking for recipes every time you have an eye out , Oh , yeah . for something like , 

Right . Right . So we , we try to keep all that in mind , but otherwise , um , I guess , you know , entertaining , um , I , I guess I have recipes I , um , but that 's , that 's basically what we do is the gourmet , Uh-huh . so , you know , they would be pretty elaborate . Yeah . Um , but it 's fun . I mean it took us four days to cook a stock and three days to make this stuff , Oh , wow . and , Yeah . you know , you get all prepared but you 're right . It 's very , very rich and I 'm glad we do n't have it every ,  because it is , it 's a , quite a treat it really is . Yeah . Um , Sounds wonderful . Right , but so , you like food and I just love the , the community of food . I just , Oh , sure I do too . think it 's neat . Yeah . I just love sharing meals and , Right . and whatever you can do , you know , to do that . I do n't think you have to be , you know , more than hamburgers and hot dogs out , Right . in the backyard and the , Right . and the coleslaw and potato salad . 

But , but , Sure . Well , my , um , daughter is graduating , uh , Sunday and so we 're having , Oh . a , uh , few people in Sunday afternoon . And I did a cop out on to it I 'm buying cold cuts .  Well , I have to , What are you providing ? make a cake and I have to make hors d'oeuvres and I have to make dessert so , Right . I figured for the main thing it 's going to be sandwiches . Right . There you go . Uh , so , oh , I 'm buying the little tiny rolls and so on . But I ca n't do it , you know , working full-time and , it 's just too much . I know . We 're all not built like , uh , what , what , oh , Those people that try to do everything . Martha Stewart , you know . Yeah . We all are n't Martha Stewart and have our coordinated glasses and tablecloths and , Ugh . and time to , you know , sh- , t- , Would n't that be nice ? . Yeah . Shot a video of the whole thing , I do n't know . Yeah , right . But it 's , it 's really kind of a neat thing . I get a kick out of it . I , I really do . Everything , all parts of the food , I mean -- Uh-huh . -- I love to make things from scratch , you know . Yeah . 

Making breads and , and you know people really pretty much appreciate it . Oh , they do . I- , it 's very difficult to purchase , um , items that are as good as what you can make yourself . Oh , I think so . Um , in spite of , uh , or if you , if you do buy it , it 's extremely expensive . In fact , uh , I just got back from a shopping trip to purch , purchase the cold cuts and I , I bought turkey and pastrami and , and barbecued ham at a , an Amish market near here . 

Oh . And I 've never been there before . Oh . And found that there 's , uh , individual vendors and the foods are wonderful . And one of the , uh , the , um , vendors had cakes . All sorts of wonderful cakes . Uh , they , fresh str- , strawberry cheesecake now and , and so on . Oh . And it 's like thirteen fifty for a whole strawberry cheesecake . Um , which is really not such a bad price . I decided I , I just could n't quite make myself , um , buy it because I do make cheesecake and somehow -- There you go . -- I did n't want to do that because it , but I was very tempted because it looked wonderful , and the- , they had black forest cherry cake and all those things . Oh . That ar , but those are homemade . They are not , um , commercial bakery made . And in that they are made in their homes , um , so it , it 's kind of interesting , uh , it 's out there if you want to pay the price but , Oh , it is . I mean , we have bakeries around here that , you know , you , you just gain weight going by the door , Right , you know , just like that . just smelling the air . Yeah . Right , but I do n't know I guess some of the best things I 've ever had , um , I , some of them were just hors d'oeuvres , you know . Uh-huh . Doing little hors d'oeuvre things that , I have a kick making that , I mean , you know . Yeah . I get off on strange little details of food , I guess . But -- Yeah . -- um , gee , we have so much going on here because you know this is Dallas , this is the southwest , this is , Uh-huh . you know , chips and Picante sauce and anything hot . You know you can always make it hotter , Right . and , and lots of stuff like that , you know , so . That 's , um , a really good party time , Yeah . eating all that hot food and , and they just love it , you know , down here . 

It just -- We like hot food too , so . -- just , you know , all the stuff that goes with that , so . Right . You do n't sound like you 're from Texas originally though . Oh , I 'm not . Thank you for noticing .  I 'm from Chicago . I thought , 

And how I got , I thought , that there was a slight difference in accent . Really and how , Right . I got to Texas by way , 

 

of Virginia I 'm ,  and everything is a long story . But , I 'll bet . Yeah . Did , um , do you have a favorite hors d'oeuvre recipe that 's easy or is it always complicat , Well , absolutely . 

I , in fact , it just came to mind , um , and this , 