Well , uh , I do n't know . I think the budget is really out of hand right now , and especially in this election year , I think that , uh , there ought to be so- , at least some conversation about what -- Uh-huh . 

-- we are supposed to do about this . Yeah , it kind of seems to me that everyone 's offering , you know , their token little tax cut program , you know , when it 's -- Right . -- when it 's just such a bad time for it . Right , and , uh , well , as you said , mostly they are token cuts . Uh -- Yeah . -- especially what , for instance , George Bush is offering . The ninety-seven cents a week . Yeah , ninety-seven cents a week . Now what , that 's really not going to do a lot of good , it does n't seem to me , to your average -- Uh-huh . -- middle income person , you know . Another ninety-seven cents , hell you can buy a coke or something for that . Yeah , I mean , mostly it 's , it 's not actually a , a , a cut , it 's just a cut in the withhold , in the amount withheld , you know . Yeah . Um , yeah I do n't see this MUMBLEx changing my lifestyle a whole lot . That ninety-seven cents really is n't going to do it for me either . Huh-uh . Uh , I , I have n't really heard much of what the other people , other candidates have said that have made a lot of sense to me either , especially the Democratic candidates do n't seem to be coming up with much that really sparks my interest as far as yeah , maybe that could do something to affect our budget -- Uh-huh . -- at this point . Yeah , I mean , you know , in retrospect , um , was it , was it Mondale or Dukakis that said , you know , I 'll , I 'll tell you right now I 'm going to raise taxes ? 

I believe it was Dukakis -- It was Dukakis , yeah . -- but I , I ca n't . I have a lot of respect for him . Yeah , I mean that 's better than George Bush who came out and said , No , I will not -- Yeah . Uh-huh . -- and then , you know , ten months later he said , well , sorry , you know , I , I ca n't follow through on this . Uh-huh . But it seems to me that , uh , that the budget is so out of hand , and especially now that they say , Okay , the cold war is over and we 're supposed to be getting a peace dividend of , you know -- Uh-huh . -- of X number of billion , trillion dollars a year . 

Well , I 'd really like to know where that money is actually going to go , because , in my opinion , I do n't think I 'm ever going to see any of this peace , so-called peace dividend . Oh , yeah . Yeah , it 's , it 's . I mean , if they could actually put something together and make , I 'm not really in favor of large government social programs , either , because I feel that they waste -- Uh-huh . -- money , also , but with this peace dividend , it seems like you could set up some kind of like -- Uh-huh . -- public works projects like they had in the thirties , or whatever . Oh , yeah , I , uh , I , I think that would be a great idea , you know , like the conservation corps , you know where . Right , ex- , It wou , it wou , it would help unemployment greatly . Exactly -- And it . -- and in that way we could really focus on building the infra structure of the country . Yeah , infra structure is in , is in , I mean , we , we , we have hurt ourselves incredibly MUMBLEx last fifty years in the -- Yeah , and -- -- cold war . -- and there 's no way that we can ever really recover from , from the state that we 're in right now , unless , at least I feel , unless we focus on the infra structure , and I surely do n't hear anybody saying that right now . Uh-huh . Um , yeah , I , I agree totally . Um , I mean , this , this , it just seems so , you know , so ridiculous that it was allowed to happen . Um , I , I 'm in college right now , and . So am I . Oh really , where do you go ? Uh , I U . 

Right , I go to Georgia Tech , um . Uh-huh . And , in , what , I had pol , you know , the required political science class -- Uh-huh . -- a couple of years ago . And one of the things we discussed was , you know , where our , where the budget situate- , how the budget situation just got so out of hand . 

Right . 

And essentially what happened was , I think it was like in the , um , tax year of eighty-one , um , Ronald Reagan basically said , you know , I 'm going to give this much of a tax cut to the tax payers and , and , created this , this ludicrous budget that he knew , that , that , um , that the Congress would not in their right mind pass -- Right . -- and Con- , Congress , realizing that they were going to lose a , the Democratic Congress realized that they were going to lose a propaganda war , you know , bye-bye , you know , bye-bye removing the tax cut -- Uh-huh . -- further cut the taxes and created , you know , that , that , that , you know , created the huge deficit that year which moved us into the trillion dollar deficit . Right . And you just , MUMBLEx . You , you just have to wonder what they 're thinking in Washington . I mean , it 's just like they 're playing chicken with a loaded gun . Yeah , uh , well , it 's , it 's more than a loaded , it 's a loaded cannon . I mean -- Yeah . -- they 've got trillions of dollars to spend every year , and they , in my opinion , do n't do a very responsible job -- Uh-huh . -- of spending that money . Well , yeah , um , what really bothers me is it just seems like if , if anyone were to say , you know , well I 'm going to raise taxes and cut the budget and we 're MUMBLEx , we 're going to have to do some unpopular things , I mean , he would n't have a chance of getting elected . I mean , it 's kind of like Rome and the bread and circuses thing , you know -- Uh-huh . -- where people just want , want to have , you know , whatever will make them feel good , right now , you know . For , for the moment , and that 's what really is getting me about what George Bush 's stand on the budget is right now -- Uh-huh . -- is that he is saying , I am going to give you this ludicrous little tax cut so that you 'll be happy come November , and you 'll elect me again -- Uh-huh . -- and then I 'm going to go on and just forget everything that I said -- Uh-huh . -- or you know , it does n't seem that it 's going to make much of a difference . Uh-huh . It , I mean , I do n't know , I I do n't , I do n't think George Bush will make the American people happy with ninety-seven cents a week . No , no , not at all . I just do n't think it was a well thought out incentive . No . 