Do you have any pets now ? Oh , I sure do , I have a cat and a dog named Joey . Joey , 

th- , the dog is Joey ? Uh-huh , The cat is , he 's the little boy Pomeranian . Oh , my goodness . And we just got a new addition to the family , so to speak , we also have a fish . Oh , my . It 's a mud dog . I beg your pardon . 

It 's a mud dog . It 's , uh , Oh . a cross between a catfish and , uh , I do n't know what , a salamander . Well did you all catch it , or , uh , Uh-huh , we have a cat , Stripper . Uh-huh . Oh , the mud dog . No , did , no did you catch the fish ? Uh , we had a friend give it to us . Uh-huh , and it 's all alone in that aquarium . Yeah , we 'd like to get him a friend but um , uh , we have n't found one yet . So how about you , do you have any pets ? Well at the present time I have two dogs . Oh really , what kind ? An English setter , you know , 

that 's the white dog with the feathers and it has , Uh-huh . uh , yellow spots on it which they call , I think , uh , liver spots . Uh-huh . And that 's a male . And I have a wonderful female lab , black lab . Uh-huh , how long have you had them . Quite a long time , uh , probably five or six years 

and unfortunately the black lab that 's a female , it , tha- , it 's , it 's the most wonderful animal we 've ever had , an , i- , when she was about three years old we noticed that she was having pro- , uh , problems limping and so forth and , Uh-huh . she has hip dysplasia . Oh no . And it 's in that breed . Uh-huh . 

But now I think there are tests that can be conducted , uh , to tell whether or not the puppies have the , have it . Uh-huh . But I think , I do n't know , apparently they 've been so in , well I do n't know inbred , or what , but , Oh , is that right ? Well n- , I 'm not sure that 's the situation , but , it , um , for those dogs that are registered and if , if you should have one , uh , that also has hip dysplasia you can not breed it , uh . Huh , I had no idea , I had n't , did n't even know that . Uh-huh , but she 's wonderful . Um , our dog , Joey , has , uh , a back problem . Um , like ha- , what are the -- Uh , he , he 's got a bad back but he 's seven , uh , I guess he 's abo- , almost eight years old . 

-- what are the symptoms ? Um , he just , uh , he does n't , he , uh , yo- , he rolls o- , he does n't like to roll over . Uh-huh . Um , e- , you just , when you touch him a certain way on the back , Yes . but otherwise , he can jump , uh , you know , just as long as he does n't bend a certain way . Um . Well , uh , I have had just wonderful luck with this lab , uh , when i- , uh , let 's see , winter before last we would bring her in , and , uh , when it was cold . Uh-huh . And she would n't , I , you know , the next morning you want to take them out , and she would n't , I could n't get her up without p , picking her up and which it was pretty hard to do at eighty pounds . I bet . Um , until , if I allowed her to not get up on her own , it 'd be two o'clock in the afternoon . Uh-huh . Anyway , I , uh , met my son 's , uh , college roommate , is a vet and he said , um , let 's give her some race horse shots . And you know in , I 'm , I 'm kind of glad to be able to tell people about this , but you , because you all the time , you know , run into people with problems . Oh , yeah . Anyway , that 's when we lived in Oklahoma , and , uh , so he gave this dog a series of MUMBLEx , it 's , they give it to race horses , uh , to get rid of , uh cartilage , Uh-huh . and it 's called MUMBLEx . Anyway , it 's a series of six shots , once a week , and then I noticed after two shots she was , Do you have to give those ? Well I could have , but I ca n't give a shot . 

Oh , I believe me , I understand . I took her from Enid , Oklahoma to Oklahoma City every week for six weeks . Uh . And , uh , after the , the second shot she was significantly better . Then I did n't notice any improvement till the , after the sixth one . Uh-huh . And ever since , and he said , uh , a booster , uh , every year or two , Uh-huh . I mean , maybe every six months or , or something like that and when I notice in the winter , when it 's worse , you know , it 's cold weather and so forth then I have , uh , gotten a booster for her . But not many people in this part of the country know anything about MUMBLEx . Um . I 've had to get it from Oklahoma . They 've heard about it but they 've really never used it . Uh-huh , yeah , I 've never heard anything about it either . So dogs that get down in the hips , like I think German Shepherds do it , and probably large dogs . Uh-huh . And , uh , it 's just wonderful . Does he get , is he an inside dog also , Uh . or does he just run out in the backyard ? Is he fenced in ? Um , um , well we 're living now in an area where we , we , we 're in the woods 

and we take walks . I just do n't let them , Oh , yeah , uh-huh . uh , uh , go away from me , but we take walks through the woods twice a day . Oh , that 's nice . And , uh , I can over do it on her . Oh , yeah . But anyway , at least she can go and she 's not limping along and all that . Uh-huh . Tell me about your cat . Oh , Stripper , well he started out being a little orphan , and we , we took him in and , uh , he 's about two years old now and he loves his treats , uh , both , uh , Joey and , uh , Stripper get treats . And , uh , let 's see , And is , um , Stripper an inside cat , or outside ? Oh , well he 's outside and , uh , Uh-huh . he 's got a way to get in , he 's got free access of a window we like to keep open . Yes . So , he gets to go in and out whenever he wants to . Well of course . That 's nice , they , they , Joey , on the other hand is a little different . He has to go out whenever , uh , we ask him and when he , when we ask him , he , uh , he barks . He 'll either bark for food , or he 'll bark to go out and he 'll tell you which one he wants . He 's been through obedience school . Well he just can , well he has been trained and you 've ke , you 've kept u- , it up , have n't you . Oh , definitely . Yeah , it is wonderful , I , I have some neighbors across the field , and , um , they when we first moved here , uh , when the dogs and I did n't fe- , we have a very nice kennel and everything but , but since I , I did n't want to , I , wa- , I just wanted to let them be able to be free for a while . 

Uh-huh . So I kept watch and never let them get away , but now every couple weeks , they wou , one would slip away and my neighbor said to me , oh , I noticed those dogs , dogs are so well trained , anytime they hear your voice , they come . So that made me very proud . Oh , yeah . Well , have we been talking five minutes ? I 'm not for sure . I 'm not either , but , I think maybe we have , but , Yeah . Well , um , so it sounds like you keep your pets for pleasure . Oh , definitely . Have you ever done this before ? Yes . Oh , okay , um , I have n't ever called . I 've put in the paper work , I just never made the call . Oh really , uh-huh . Yeah , so I did n't know if they stop you when the time is up or , No , they do n't , no . I , I glanced at the clock when , um , we started and I think it 's been probably about five and a half minutes or something . But one day I was talking to a lady about gardening and I 'm , I love gardening and she did too , an , and , Uh-huh . after , after about twelve minutes or something , the recording came on and said that was the end of the tape . Oh , well , at least you know you did your part . Uh-huh , 

but it 's been so much fun too , uh , talk . How did you get into this . Well , my best friend in Virginia 's daughter , is a part of this project in Texas . Oh , I see . And so she knew that I had the time and would be , would enjoy it . Uh-huh , that 's true . Um , so . I mean , I , But I have a hard time getting anybody , because I guess , do you work . Um , yes 

I do . Yeah , and probably just got home . Uh-huh . So , um , during the day , I me- , I thi- , and I understand also they want men . Right , I was going to tell you the same thing . They 're really looking for a lot more men to participate . Yeah , my husband does . Does he . Yeah , 

I need to , Yes . I 've got some applications , I need to hand them out . But , uh , this is a great project , that they 're working on and it 's really going to lead the way , uh , for a lot of econ- , um , applications and , and development in the voice area . Yes , wh- , I think so too , and I have n't helped them out on the me- , on men particularly , but my husband had been ma- , in fact , he 's been , probably has made a few more calls than I have because I tend to not make them around dinner time , Uh-huh . I try to , you know , make them do , during the day , but nobody 's home . Well this is the perfect time for me . Well good . Well maybe I 'll get you next time . Yeah it so fo- , much fun to talk to you . All right , have a good one . You too , bye . Bye . 