I say Arlington , Texas now because I talked one night to somebody in Arlington , Virginia . Oh , my , yeah . Well , and Plano , Texas rather than Plano , Illinois . Oh , do they have one ? Yes , they do . Oh , I did n't know that . 

Well , I learned something already . Yeah . Well , let 's see , the three questions are what , uh , How much time do you spend with your children ? Very little . Oh . Because they 're grown . What ? They 're grown and gone . Oh , yeah , well , mine is , uh , down at U T Austin at college and the other one is in high school . Huh . So you do spend less time then ? Yeah -- C- , -- because they do n't want to know , they almost do n't want to know us . They want to be with their friends . How old are your kids ? Are they married or what ? 

Uh , yes , I have , uh , two married , two almo- , and then two almost married and the other two , I 'm not sure . Well , Two s- , two , two , uh , uh , for sure are single . Oh , boy , you have a lot of kids . Yeah , we have , between the spouse and myself we have six . Oh , well , that 's kind of nice , though . You -- Because I came with a split family and -- -- you should n't be -- -- she had , -- lonesome on a holiday , huh ? Well , no , there is so much of them are gone and they 're doing their own things and -- Well , that 's true . -- and a lot of times they , they 've got , you know , uh , when the holidays , They have to see their other parent , I guess -- Yeah -- -- too . -- and sometimes they want to do their own thing , 

so -- 

I know . -- sometimes it 's just spouse and me . And , and you know what ? What ? Sometimes that 's okay . I know . Because , That 's what my mother said one time . You know , right , because who says that they just must got to come over to see us all the time -- Right . -- for the holidays . No , that 's true , and if they force them to , you know -- Yeah . -- that 's not good either . That becomes a drudgery Well , do they all live in the area ? n- , got , of the six , we 've got four around here . Uh-huh , oh , wow . Uh , you know , well , we 're talking like north Texas . Uh-huh . And then , one is in Vermont , uh , Montpe- , Mont- , Montpelier -- Golly . -- Montpelier , Vermont and the other one is in Everett , Washington . How did they end up so far away ? Well , that is , that 's , the , the , my little pair . Uh-huh . And my second marriage . Uh , and , uh , Those are the youngest ones ? Yeah , well , the s- , the , the , the , the fourth and fifth child of the -- Uh-huh . -- of the , of the , uh , six are the two that are scattered like that . Boy , that 's , those are a long way . And , How , Well , they wanted to go , uh , J R , my , my , my last son -- Uh-huh . 

-- or my middle son , excuse me , fell in love with Washington state -- Uh-huh . -- and the , the , the , third daughter fell in love with , uh , uh , Vermont . Vermont . So , So they wanted to make their homes there . Yeah , that 's where they 've gone to make their homes . My goodness . Are they , are those two married ? No . They , uh , just working up there or going to school or what ? Well , uh , let 's see , yeah , I guess you 'd say J R is working , going to s- , trying to go to school . Uh-huh . I wish to God he would go back . Oh , they do . Yeah . Especially if they , if they 're meant to , I think . Well , I certainly hope so . I mean , I 've got a daughter that 's a sophomore at U T and I 'm , I 'm going to U T A right now myself 

so -- 

Uh-huh . -- it 's never too late . Well , it 's , oh , I agree it 's never too late . 

Right . And , Especially in some of these schools around here , I think they have about twenty percent older students . Yeah , and when you 're saying older , we 're talking fifty up . Oh , yeah , I 've seen some people that are really quite up there you know -- Uh-huh . -- they look like in their very late sixties and I say -- Oh , my , uh-huh . -- that 's great , why not , you know . Yes , why not because that 's a , a lot of times , well , it 's , I believe that , uh , we in that category , and I 'm not in that category quite yet -- No . -- but , we are seasoned minds . Oh , yeah , you 're really ready to learn finally . Yes , uh-huh . I mean , I do n't know why I even went to college when I was seventeen . Yeah , it was , It was a complete waste of money . Yeah , settle down , we know what we 're wanting to , to , uh , study and , uh -- Right , right . We , -- we know our limitations . Right and , uh , And we do n't try to burn the candle at both ends and in -- No . -- the middle altogether . We do n't go out drinking beer till three and try to go to class in the morning . At seven , yeah . We 're past , yeah , we 're past that age . Yes , we 're , we 're smarter now . We know what we can do . Yeah , right , uh , so let 's see . So mine I do n't spend a whole lot of time because they 're not here . Uh-huh . And so the second question , forgot what the second question , What was it , uh , h- , what do the trends in families and do we approve what other , families do . Well , uh , the trends in the families were to spread apart , do your own thing . That 's right . But I have seen -- A change ? -- lately , yes , I am seeing , I was going to say the same thing . I 'm seeing a change that , whoops , government ca n't do it , schools are -- Uh-huh . -- not able to -- Uh-huh . -- and between a person 's religion , uh , their , their faith in their maker -- Right . -- w- , whether , you know , uh , whether you 're Christian or Jewish -- Right . -- or whatever , uh , and the family -- Are going to have to solve some of the problem , huh . -- those are the two that can , that , that have the wherewithal and , of course , Judeo-Christianity , uh , and of the Jewish folks , too , believe that the family unit is the one that was given the , uh , uh , mission by the Lord -- Uh-huh . -- to do this very thing . So when another group of , of , uh , people step in , try to do it , they 're , they 're tromping on our territory , so to speak , so -- Oh . -- I firmly believe that , uh , 