Okay . Okay . Well , I , uh , I guess because I work quite a bit with lawyers , I 'm not a lawyer , uh , that I find a lot of things are so specialized that I 'm not sure , and I , I look at it more from the civil side of things that juries have any sense of , of the value of , and worth , so that they have real problems when it comes to , uh , uh , they can find guilt or innocence -- Right . -- uh , but then when you quantify things and that might also hold criminal trials for how many years is appropriate , uh , that they might leave it to somebody else who , uh , has expertise in that . 

Right , I agree , too . I do n't think the jury should be the ones that , that put the sense- , sentencings down . I think the judges should , or even a panel of , of lawyers if , if it got to that point . Might be better at than just regular civil people . Uh-huh . Not knowing , you know , exactly what things are , from , from murder on up to like tax stuff , you know . Yeah . Because I find that , uh , I 've been on a few juries and , uh , as a say , I , I tend to be around , uh , civil cases because I 've been an expert witness some , and , uh , many matters are so complicated that it 's so hard to , uh , come up with the fair value , uh , or the fair sentence and one thing that you get if you have some expertise is , uh , you know the range of , of possible values or terms or , you know , how heinous was the crime . Right . Uh , that , uh , when I only do something one , two or three times I 'm hardly an expert on it , and most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three . Yeah and , And so how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was a , you know , worth five years or twenty-five . Right , that 's , yeah . And , and most people that do sit on juries , some people just sit on them once in their lifetime , you know , if they 're that lucky sometimes . Uh-huh . Or , you know , what , whatever the case may be . And , and may not have any idea of what , what the standard punishment would be for it . Yeah . And it , they may have some different idea , I mean , it might be more important for them to put a sen- , sen- , sentencing down that was , uh , longer , you know , that did n't fit , the punishment did n't fit the crime . Uh-huh . Or not long enough or , you know , whatever the case may be . Yeah . I , I think the judges do have that , that better knowledge of it . The only thing I worry about sometimes is if , if you get somebody in there that , that has a name , that is the defendant and , you know , sometimes , might have more pull , which that does happen . Uh-huh . I mean , we ca n't say it does n't , because it does happen . I mean not everybody is , you know , has , has the right morals sometimes . People can be paid off or politically -- 

Uh-huh . -- or whatever the case may be and sometimes that 's not real fair either , though so , Well , one of the others things that gets me on , on the juries is that often in the newspaper , I , I tend to hear two things that , well , that go on . One is , you often see in the headlines the big numbers . Uh-huh . Uh , and many of those get overturned or get reduced in terms of sentences , or get changed -- Right . -- by a judge or an Appeals Court and that never makes the , the press and so , when , uh , you or I as an individual gets on a jury we tend to have certain mental images of what 's what because we see the headlines , uh , and we do n't have , a- , again , a lot of knowledge , so we do n't know what is really going on , what is , uh , really the range of sentences or awards that are , uh , are actually , uh , in the end -- Right . -- applied . Right . 

Well , well , also what I do n't think is fair , either , is when you have like a , say a rapist , come in , 

and , and his attorney gets his sentences , sentencing reduced because he 's gone to a lesser charge , like , I do n't know what , assault or something or , Uh-huh . But , which that does n't make any sense to me either . I know it 's hard to prove rape and whatnot and , and , and the person that was raped or whatever does n't , I mean it 's embarrassing -- Uh-huh . -- and all this other stuff 

and they , they 're put on like , they were the ones that caused it or whatever , but , to me , when you do the crime , then you should pay for whatever you did , and , and you should n't be able to go on the lesser charge . I do n't , I do n't think that 's right because all 's that 's going to do is say , Oh , well , you know , that was a breeze , I can go out and do it again and , you know -- Yeah . -- have the same thing happen . That 's , that 's not right . Well , that 's where , uh , the role of juries is , is restricted and , I 'm not sure I 'd want to change that aspect of it , one is , it 's restricted in the sense that , juries only decide the charges that are actually , uh , brought , you know -- Right . -- if it 's first degree rape , second deg- , degree rape or whatever , they only get to decide on that , well , okay this person has been charged with first degree rape , uh , and you can decide guilt or innocence on that . Uh-huh . Uh , such like , maybe in murder they get to choose whether it 's , uh , premeditated or one or two of the lesser degrees . The other thing that juries are restricted on and , and at least to me this has been one of the frustrating things in my , even in my own experiences , that you usually do n't get to hear all the information . Yeah . It 's what information is presented and , uh , I do n't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards , but often juries hear only a fraction of the , of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence . And to me , how can you , how can you make a decision if you do n't have all of the evidence in front of , whether it be , whether it pertains to the case or not , somebody thinks it , it had , because they 've got it there . Uh-huh . So the lawyers , the two lawyers are the ones that have all the information . Yeah , and -- Do n't they ? -- the truth that 's brought out is , uh , as I say , when I 've heard about , you know , the oath is to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , is that they want , uh , they do n't want , uh , the whole truth . I mean -- They only put part of it . -- you can say , yeah . Yeah . The , because stories look very different when you hear different parts of the , of the truth . Right . Well , that 's just like that old witness game , well , it 's a game kids play , too , but , uh , somebody did it , just for your train of thought where they , they showed something and they asked , they , there were , uh , like four people , 