Well , uh , it seems to me that , uh , that I do not know whether the jury system , uh , I , I should not say I do not know . I do not feel very , uh , stronger that the jury system should be changed . It seems to have worked , uh , time immemorial . 

And when , uh , difficult decisions , uh , are made , uh , uh , uh , they generally prove out to be right by things that occur later on . Uh-huh . Uh , I know in some cases now in some states , depending on the criminal code , uh , a unanimous verdict is not required . And indeed some juries are no longer twelve people , they are down to as little , as small as six people in , I think , in petty , in , in , uh , in , uh , in minor felonies , and , uh , and misdemeanor trials . Uh-huh . Uh , I think that the judges should be left to do most of the sentencing , simply because , uh , there is always , uh , there is ,  there is always a jury that might be swayed , uh , by the moment , uh , to either to be too lenient or too vengeful , I guess . Yeah . On the other hand , uh , attorney , uh , uh , justices are more apt to , uh , understand , you know , the cr- , the prison crowding problems and things like that , Yeah . and have that sway their decisions one way or the other . But , I mean , is not that , You know . uh , is that a reflection then of what is really happening in the real world ? If , if , if they keep giving everybody hundred year sentences , and the people in various states , it does not seem that people want to be taxed to build more prisons . Or even in , for that matter , uh , repair the , uh , the lack of judges and , and , and other , uh , Yeah . I think that is what is happening . I think , uh , the judges are trying to save the people from having to ,  the cost of new prisons . Yeah , They , yeah , you know , that might be it . I mean , they , 

they are saying , they certainly , oh , well , you know , I do not , the , the people can not -- I do n't know how -- -- afford it . -- it is in Virginia , but in Florida now , uh , uh , uh , at eighteen years , someone was just sentenced to eighteen years , I heard it on TODAY , uh , without any specific recommendation for , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , waving the normal , uh , procedures . And the eighteen years will , uh , translate into something like , uh , four point seven , if every , if the , if the prisoner is a model prisoner , Yeah . and indeed the present overcrowding conditions , uh , prevail .  Plus , I guess , there was some credit for time this guy had already spent in jail waiting for trial . Right . So , uh , yeah , you might be right about that . I , I , I do not know , it just seems to me that only about , uh , from what I read , only about ninety percent of the ca- , only about ten percent of the pa- , cases come for trial anyway . Right . And , uh , only about , uh , f- , four or five percent of , uh , in the , in the very end or less than , less than half the trials that go to , uh , less than half the cases that go to trial , uh , end up w- , with , With a conviction ? uh , with the jury actually making the verdict . 

Oh , okay . 

That most of it is plea bargained , uh , half way through or , or most of the cases are plea bargained anyway . Right . But , uh , uh , how do you feel about the , uh , about the jury system itself ? Do you , do you think that should be changed ? Or do you , do you know in Virginia whether it is , if they have smaller juries or , Uh , I do not know exactly what the size of the juries . 

I know one of my friends was , uh , uh , brought up for jury duty . Yeah . For , and he only heard very , you know , piddly type cases . Most of it was , uh , robberies or things like that , you know , it was not any serious crimes . So apparently even for the smallest crimes , they give the person the , you know , any felony anyways . Yeah . Well , I guess we , Th- , they give the person the option for a jury . Yeah . I guess we always focus on criminal trials with th- , with the jury . But I know you have a right to ask for a jury in , Uh-huh . in any sort of a case that even where damages are , are , are , uh , are the result of some sort of a , uh , an action that you are bringing against someone else . You can ask -- Uh-huh . -- for that to be heard before a jury . Takes a heck of a long time , I guess , to get there -- Uh-huh . -- in some states . 

I , I , I do not know , uh , I should imagine Virginia , from what I read , uh , uh , is like every other state . It , it is faced with , uh , uh , enormous costs to maintain the jury system and the prison system and the entire trial system . Because I guess , Right . everywhere I read that there is a shortage of judges . Right . Not that they wo n't appoint them but there is no budget for them , I guess . Or , Huh . and the courthouse that goes with them and the bailiffs and the clerk , uh , Yeah . Whatever . court clerks . So it seems , uh , no , I , I , I do not think I would change it . The more I verbalize it , I , I do not think I would want to change the system . Right , I do not -- uh , I do not think I would either . -- know what we would replace it with . Yeah . I know , it , uh , does seem like the , the , the , the purpose of getting people in jail so that , you know , the , the , I can not think of the word I am looking for . Anyway , the deterrent . Yes . For people to , to commit the cri- , uh , to not to commit the crime is sort of gone away . People have , I do not know , they just do not care any more . The benefit , I guess , of crime outweighs what the deterrent is . Uh , and yet -- You know , people that , -- there are , there are so many , there are so many people in prison . I mean the prison population , uh , as far as I , I , uh , you know , my impression of it is that it has , that it has doubled in the last ten years and tripled in the last twenty . Um . I mean it , so has our , I guess our population has grown some too . But there , there definitely is , uh , uh , you know , to me the , one of the worst things that could ever happen , uh , from what I read and see and understand . 

I mean I do no think I could handle prison . Yeah . I mean it would be -- Well , I would be interested in -- -- very difficult , -- finding out what the , uh , percentage of drug related type things are , Well , there must be a , and , uh , ca- , a , a , a very great degree of that . Yeah . But , but there again I , I do not know if the , the jury system itself , uh , comes in to play there . I would think that , one of the things that sort of bothers me is the ability , of course th- , it is a constitutional right that the press must have here , is th- , the interviewing of jurors after the trial . I mean that , it seems to me that , that , that when a jury makes a decision , they should not be asked , uh , before television cameras and newspaper reporters how they reached that decision . I mean , I do not , Yeah . I imagine there is a certain , certain right of the press to have the ability to ask that . But I , I would think I , if I did anything , I would protect the juror from , from any sort of an inquisition after . Well , I know , uh , on the other hand though , when , uh- , after the Barry trial , Yeah . up here , you know , the big local -- Yeah . -- trial , Oh , yeah . Well , as well as national . I do a lot of business up in Washington . I was there during the , during the trial actually , yeah . Yeah . And the opposite was true of me . Uh , after the case was over , I was like , somebody get ahold of these people and find out why in the world did they vote the way they did , Yeah , you know . 

yeah , yeah . It was like , well , a picture is not good enough . We want to see , I do not know what they wanted honestly . Did they want the guy to , I do not know . I mean , just because you feel like he was being kicked on , which he certainly was , you know . I think , I , no doubt in my mind the federal government picked him out and selected him to be -- Oh , I felt that way . -- prosecuted . I felt , But -- I felt , -- it does not matter . The guy was obviously -- no , but , -- guilty . Yeah . I always balanced in the , in the situation . I remember the jurors , uh , I thought to myself , how did , how did they only , I think they only , uh , found him -- One , one count . -- guilty on one count . Which was , uh , not even , which was a class something felony . Which was not even punishable , Yeah . uh , uh , to the degree that they thought it . But I do not know , maybe when you are there in the r- , in the courtroom yourself and you are sitting there and you have got to make a judgment on somebody . And the prosecutors do a lousy job , or maybe the evidence was not as sensational as the media presented it . I mean , I , Yeah . I am not making excuses for . 

That might be it . Well , yeah . I think we are getting , I think I am getting a call coming in . Oh . Okay . All right , nice -- Well , it has been nice -- -- talking with you . -- talking -- Thank you . -- to you . Uh-huh . Bye-bye . 