Actually , I 've been involved in electronics a long time . Uh , in computers and I have really resisted the impulse to get one for the home . Oh yeah . Uh , up until , I guess , maybe about a year and a half ago , I got one for my son . A , a Macintosh -- Uh-huh . -- uh , L C . It 's a real easy to use color , uh , computer and I got a very nice printer that goes along with it and he uses it for his school work . Uh-huh . Well , I 've , I 'm currently in school so I , I 've had an I B M clone , I guess , for a couple of years now , which I 've been trying , continually upgrading I guess . And , uh , I 've found , I 've found that I pretty much become addicted to it and I ca n't really , I 've found that most of homework assignments MUMBLEx really require some sort of computer , uh , simulation or analysis , so -- Huh . -- it , it 's pr- , very essential for me . Schools have them , uh , but lot of times so difficult to get on them at school . It 's very easy , it 's much more convenient to have one at home . Where you going to school ? At Georgia Tech . I see . Yeah , so . In engineering ? Yes , actually . So that explains wha , all the , uh , computer assignments . Yeah , it , uh , Well , do you use your P C for things other than explicit computer work ? Um , sure . I have some games , of course , which I play on there and , uh , uh , I have a program which allows me to access a , uh , weather data bank so I can , like , check up on the weather around the country or whatever which is a hobby . So , it provides other means other than just strict , uh , you know , computations and so on , so . Have you , do you have a computer for yourself at home ? No . No , I just have one for my son 

and I really sort of have the feeling that word processing is a big market for -- Oh , yeah . -- home computing . Yeah . Tha- , At wo- , at work , uh , I 'm a technologist , uh , and I , in the past , have done a great deal of , of , uh , system development just through , uh , software development programming . Uh , but now I find myself using the computer , even the computer at work is primarily a , uh , word processing system -- Uh-huh . -- and a communication system . Yeah , yeah . Do you use Email and like that ? Yes . Emil is , probably pulls down a third a- , of all my time . Yeah . It 's , I , I , uh , I have modem MUMBLEx night computer so I can log into the sys- , the , uh , network at Georgia Tech and access my account through there , which is , which can be useful . But , uh , yeah that 's , that and word processing is while I tend to , I mean , obviously , I do most of my , almost all of my report writing on , on my computer , uh , whether it 's term papers or even some smaller homework assignments . Uh-huh . So it 's , it 's really become , I do n't know , really become my mainstay I guess . I ca n't even remember , actually I do n't think I 've ever used a typewriter in , in my life to do a , a to do a report . Because my family , when I was growing up , we got a basic computer . T R S Eighty when they first came out . Uh-huh . And I even used that to do my first reports when I was in junior high , so . Huh . Well I 'm a old-timer . I did my Master 's thesis on , uh , a typewriter . Oh , yeah . Uh , I rented an I B M Selectric . Oh . And it was a pretty big deal . Yeah . It must have been tough . It 's a little bit strange for me . I , I did my Master 's thesis , uh , last year and I did that on a computer and it seems like , I just ca n't imagine how people did it before . It must have been just so much , so much work . Yeah . It , uh , well , you know , it 's just , it was just a completely different world then . Yeah . So , uh , MUMBLEx so yo- , you used your son 's Macintosh then ? Do you , do you find it , do you like that kind of computer ? I like it , yeah . I like it from a distance really . I , I see the packages on it , uh , that are available and it 's nice . I really do n't use it myself . Uh-huh . Uh , I , when I come home from work , I , I like to stay far away from -- Yeah . -- computers and electronic things . Huh . 

Uh , so I let my son do it and , Yeah . Uh , of course , you know , there 's , uh , there 's an intellectual evolution taking place where , 

it 's sort of a joke 

but it 's really true , the old-timers , even the people who are technologists do n't know how to operate these electronic things like V C R -s and whatnot and the kids , they just take to it like candy . Yeah . Well , i- , if , if , if the interface is there so that it 's like fun to use and the challenge , 