Okay . Um , well I guess first of all I , I could have asked that before . Do you have children ? No . No . Okay . Because I , I did n't know if that would make a difference -- Yeah . -- in how you felt . Um , what do you think about the proposal that all young Americans should spend a year or two , I think it 's a good idea . I think everybody should , should , uh , put in their time so to speak for the , for the good of the , the nation and for the good of themselves . Yeah . I think it 's , uh , would every- , everyone grow up and mature and , and realize what this country 's all about . I just , um , I guess that 's MUMBLEx , my , that 's something that my family has always believed strongly in , and , uh , I had opportunities in high school , to work in some programs , um -- Did you ? Oh ! -- and , and I agree with what you said that it 's , uh , it benefits the person doing it -- Uh-huh . -- so much I do n't think they realize and I , uh , I , I think it gives you a better perspective , on life 

and , uh , it gives you a little bit , uh , more a glimpse of the , the real world and -- Yeah . -- and it would certainly help the country , too , uh . 

Really . Yeah , I think that 's probably like , uh , quite a few things that , that the kids , uh , maybe not so much nowadays but used to -- Yeah . -- go through , you know , they , just , they were , they did things for people , Yes . you know , for their communities , for their , their , uh , families , for their friends , where now , I 'm not sure they really do . Yeah . Well , I think sometimes through groups and organizations , um , my first , when I first thought of it , I thought it , uh , when they asked the question I thought , well that sounds wonderful . And then , I wondered if people were unwilling but , but I think even if you went in with a negative attitude I do n't think it would stay negative very long . Um , but I do know through some organized groups like Scouts and church -- Uh-huh . -- um , they , do still have opportunities . Yeah , that 's probably true . But , I , I think that 's a small , uh , number could , You know but even , even through those groups , do you think that they participate as much as maybe they used to ? No , um , not since , um , not as much as I remember growing up . And that was something , uh , I think in the fifties and sixties , um , Uh-huh . seemed more common in the last two decades . Yeah . I think that 's probably true . But , I think it 's probably more true , still in the , in the smaller communities -- Yeah . -- then in the larger cities . Yeah . Where , uh , where abouts do you live ? What part of the country ? Well , I live in Richardson right now . Which is just , Oh , okay . We 're in Plano so we 're not far apart . Right . 

Yeah , okay . One of the calls I 'd gotten before was , uh , down to Austin and , and I know , a friend of mine talked to someone in the midwest so I know there is the possibility that -- 

Yeah . 

-- it could be out of the area . Gosh , I had n't even thought about it being out of the area but you 're right . Yeah . I grew up in a real small town in Florida . Oh . I mean a real small town . And , uh , I think it was just MUMBLEx , of course it was back in the , in the fifties and I think it was real prevalent back then . I MUMBLEx , I think people thought more of others than they do now . Yeah . You know , as far as doing things for them and , and then gaining benefits from it . Well , 

and maybe , uh , maybe this would be a way to get that feeling back . Um , if we 've lost some of that and it , it seems in the last decade or two , um , that 's true , maybe that 's a way , if , if young people had to do it -- Uh-huh . -- um , maybe that would start the trend back because that 's one of the things I always thought was a wonderful part of our country . Um , -- Yeah , I do to . I do to . -- is helping others . . I 'm not sure that , that today 's kids would go for it though . I think you would have to start younger . Yeah . I , I do n't know how young you 'd have to go but I think by the time they 're , oh , early teenagers anyway , I think it 's too late now . At least around here . Yeah , I think , uh , I think it does help , um , even preschoolers , you know they 're , um , things even just starting around the home . Right . You know little ones can do a little bit to help the family . Uh-huh . And , and just watching the parents do things too , um , it can start a pattern . There 's always something , no matter how young , and then that helps develop that attitude . Um , I guess I would really like to see this happen with families more . You know , I think this is certainly a possible way , um , to handle it but I wish , MUMBLEx that 's something that I think that has been lost in families and I think that 's a good place to start again . Yeah . I think it has to start in the families first because if you do n't do it for , for your own immediate family , you 're sure not going to do it for anybody else . Yeah . And I do think , um , the schools , if you 're trying to do something , even with food drives and , uh , sometimes what Richardson and Plano both , I mean when you live in areas like that where there 's so much -- Uh-huh . -- they do n't realize what a small percentage of the world that is . I mean , that 's , uh , gosh I 'm sure , not even one percent of the world is as fortunate as these areas and , uh -- That 's probably true . That 's probably true . -- it 's , I know our church youth group , uh , starts with projects young but they have a high school group that works in the Appalachia -- Uh-huh . -- area every year . They 've done this for fourteen years now . Oh , that 's great . Um , and it is , it 's , uh , and they 've also see that there 's , there 's a different way of life and those families are really close . Some of the things , that we talked about that were common in the fifties are still there -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , it really , every youth that 's ever gone really has felt that their life has been changed and it 's changed their perspective . And , and that 's just the t- , two weeks during , during the summer . Uh-huh . So , if two weeks , uh , could have that kind of effect I would -- Well , that 's , that 's great . -- think , uh , I 'm glad that there are still some areas that , that get the youth involved in that sort of thing . Well that 's , Like I said , I think it does , e- , even a small amount of exposure can make a vast difference -- Yes . -- in their attitudes . Well , Well , I guess , um , did you have anything else ? No , no I guess that 's about all . Okay . Okay . Well , I enjoyed talking with you . Well , good talking with you . And I hope you have a good evening . You too . 

Thanks . Okay . Bye , bye . Bye . 