So , uh , what do you think about child care . Oh , well , my , my feelings on it is , uh , I would n't take a child to day-care . You know ? Right . I mean , I 'd , I 'd wind up , uh , just a baby-sitter in a home . Probably find someone , how come you would n't take them to a day-care ? Uh , Just because of the , Well , too many kids and , and I think too many infections and things coming in . Yeah , they seem to pass a lot of , Yeah , sicknesses and , I do n't know , then all the things you hear about them . Yeah , you kind of wonder whether or not , Yeah , I mean I 'm sure there 's some good ones , but I just , I do n't think that I would , uh , I took , uh , Cammy to a , oh , it was a preschool day-care type of thing . Oh , uh-huh . But I kind of , I liked it some ways and some ways I did n't . Uh , I think the ratio of kids to teacher is really important . Oh , yeah , yeah . And , How was it ? Well , I think they had a , they had two teachers and I think there were twenty kids , but I only had her going two days and most of the other kids were going more days so that was probably my own fault -- Oh . -- that she did n't , She went , Oh , you know , one thing I noticed is , uh , uh , just , they were trying to get her to , teach her to write her name , and , uh , I did n't notice it until this summer when I was working with her that she would bend her wrist all the way , oh , not in a natural sh- , form . Oh , she did ? Yes , and , uh , I was kind of m , mad that they had never noticed that and , either pointed it out to me or , or , uh tried to say , look , you 're holding your , she was holding her pencil in the right fingers and stuff . Sh- , but she was , Wrapping her arm all the way around . Yes . Yeah . And , uh , I had n't worked with her on writing at all at that point . She was four , or three , yeah , she was , uh , it was last year and , uh , then this summer I got the thing from the school that says things to work with the kids on and I w- , like I said , I did n't notice it till then . Oh . Because I had n't worked with writing letters or anything and -- Uh-huh . -- stuff like that . Well , they 'd never picked it out , though ? No . Huh . They never , Or just never said anything . Course , like I said , I took her two days a week and maybe that was , my main reason for taking her was , uh , just social skills -- Yeah . -- more than anything else . Yeah . I felt she needed the s- , just , I did n't feel like she was mature enough socially -- Yeah . 

-- and , uh , Well , one thing that 's kind of different , too , though , a preschool than , than taking a , a infant or -- Uh-huh . -- to at a day-care where they 're -- Oh , yeah . -- taken care of . I think it would be hard to take them to people you do n't know . Preschool 's a different thing , but I think it 's hard to take kids to somebody you do n't know and , or unless you have awfully good references . Yeah , yeah . Reliable , uh , people , I do n't know , it 's so hard to take young kids anywhere for very long . Well , I think it 's hard to leave them , it is . It is . The older ones it 's not , you do n't even really have any real worries , because you know that they 'll play with whoever 's there and they usually adapt pretty well . Yeah . But , uh , Yeah , 

it , it is , I think , just hard to leave them because nobody will give them the kind of care their own families will . Well , and you know their , kind of their schedules and you know if they 're upset and that type of a deal . 

Yeah , yeah . I do n't know how , uh , people , uh , that have young kids working work full time and , and do it , really , without being stressed out all the time . I think it 's , well , I do n't know , then , then on the other hand I think it 's harder to stay home in some regards . It 's hard to always keep yourself feeling like you 're doing something productive , 

and at the end of the day your house still feels like it 's a mess , and you have n't got anything done and -- Oh , yeah . -- what am I going to fix for supper . 

Oh , yeah , it is . Yeah , it 's kind of hard to always feel , gosh , what , is this important what I 'm doing and , Yeah , well , uh , the work never ends . No . That 's for sure . No , it , So , It does n't . Huh . But , I think for taking kids to a , probably people that take them to , uh , preschools and day-cares full time , oh , they would , I do n't know , probably just feel a different , uh , I think , I just think it would be hard to do that full time . I feel such a responsibility , even when we go out for a few hours that , are they driving the baby-sitter crazy and -- Uh-huh , or is everything okay . -- you know , 