You want to go first ? . No , you can start . Okay . Uh , one of the things they talked about was , uh , did we , d- , wh- , what do we think about a judge making the decision ? Uh-huh . And I really do n't agree with that . I think that the trial by jury is better , uh , you know , than e- , having a unanimous decision rather than to have one person be responsible . I do n't think that they could be objective in every case , every time . Right . Yo- , you know what I mean ? Right . There 's , there , th- , this topic is kind of mute . Uh -- Yeah . -- there , there 's no way . We , we could n't survive in a sy- , in a juror syst- , in a trial system without a jury . Right . Uh , one man can never be , one man , one woman can never be objectionable in every case . That 's it . Uh , every person has their opinions and that 's why jury selection is often very difficult . Uh . Well , I , I feel the other thing too , uh , they were saying , uh , you know , what new ways could y- , could it , you , you know , change the system . I , I really think that , uh , we spend a lot of time , uh , going through appeal after appeal after appeal after appeal , I mean , i- , if you go to a trial by jury and especially if a person has confessed . If they have been caught , you know , point blank in the crime . Right . There 's , uh , no question it 's beyond a reasonable doubt . You know , all these things . I mean , you know , we 've gone through this over and over again . Right . They should n't allow an appeal . And it can go on for ten , twenty , years . Yep . I , I think this is a little ridiculous . Uh-huh . I think the only people who benefit from that are the lawyers . 

Oh , that 's right . I work for a law firm MUMBLEx . I , I 'm serious . And I think that the lawyers have caused a lot of the problems tha , that exist in the s- , in the criminal system today . With plea bargaining . Right . You know , if someone is ill , Well plea bar- , plea bargaining is a different story . Well . Plea bargaining is something completely different . That , that actually prevents trials . Or at least speeds them up . Well , I know . That 's MUMBLEx what I 'm saying . But I think a lot of , all of the whole criminal system is messed up in , in that regard . I mean , you know , people who commit , uh , crimes that they , I do n't know how it works exactly but -- Right . -- you know , they get lesser sentences and I understand that the jails are full of people , you know , uh -- Right . -- and that they have to do something . 

But , I think that the reason they are full is because they know that they can get away with it . Huh . Yo- , you know what I 'm saying ? That w- , we do n't have , uh , well a lot of states do n't have capital punishment . Right . And , uh -- We do . -- I , I think they should . I , and I think if a person is guilty of taking someone 's life and like you say , it 's , it 's , there 's no doubt whatsoever . Like drunk drivers that kill people and , uh , you know , all -- Right . -- they , they 're caught dead to rights . I , I just think that that 's , they 've , they 've taken a life and if , they should pay for it with their life . Right . When you 're saying as far as the appeal , uh , procedure was concerned . Yeah . We just have the case , I 'm , I 'm sure you 've probably heard of Marion Berry . Uh-huh . Uh , his f- , last appeal was , was denied two days before his sentence was up . Oh , really . So , I mean , his appeal was denied and two days later he got out of jail . It , uh , , For cocaine possession . Yeah . But , uh , that was absurd . There is never , there was no reason -- 

I know that , that MUMBLEx . -- the appeal process should have dragged on that long for a six month sentence . Uh-huh . And , I do n't know . Uh , what would you do to change it ? To make it better ? Well , uh , the , the only I can , I wa- , you know , the , appeal procedure is the only thing I can possibly think of . Uh , a- , like I said , as far as removing of the jury and having the judge sentence , that 's absurd . There 's no way that could work . Oh , yeah . I , I , I do n't agree with that at all . Uh , but , Imagine the guilt that person would have . I mean MUMBLEx -- Oh , exactly . -- burned out . There 's -- Exactly . -- there 's no possible way that you could , uh , you know , feel good about yourself . Right . If you had to do something like that , day after day . No one would want the job . No . Not really . Uh , and , you know , like I said , the , you know , everyone has their opinions about every case . 

Well , w- , do you think people should have a trial is they 're caught dead to rights like , Oh yeah . I , I feel that everyone is , everyone is , uh , entitled to a trial by jury . That , that , that right s- , I mean , supposing I come up to you and I just point blank kill you . Well , I mean , were there witnesses ? In other words you 're saying that , w- , you have to find out whether it 's premeditated or -- Right . -- what the circumstances were . Right . That you ca n't , you ca n't remove the jury regardless of the case . Yeah . I mean you could have fifty people in audience watching -- Yeah . -- a murder take place and you , you 'd still , there 's still mitigating circumstances . 

Well , I , I , 