Uh , so , uh , what are your benefits like at your job , and how do you feel about them ? Uh , pretty good , actually . I work for Hewlett Packard and they have , uh , a pretty good , uh , benefits package . In fact , they 're , they 're kind of known , uh , for having good benefits . The pay is n't fabulous , although I saw a survey recently and I 'm actually making just about as much as , you know , I 'm m- , making actually over average , over the average -- Oh , that 's good . -- for my career , my experience and all that stuff -- Uh-huh . -- which kind of surprised me . What kind of a degree have you got ? I 've got a Bachelor 's in electrical engineering so , Oh . And I 'm not , like , a hugely advanced degree or any of that stuff . Uh-huh . Uh , anyway , the , our benefits are pretty good . We 've got stock purchase program and a , that , that 's pretty generous , although you have to hold the stock for two years -- Uh-huh . -- before you get the company contribution which is , kind of a , a pain , but , uh , there 's a four O one K plan -- Uh-huh . -- uh , for , uh , sheltering some taxable income . Uh-huh . Uh , there 's , How long have you been with them ? I 've been with them for seven years . Uh . Yeah . 

That 's good . And , the best thing , and a lot of the stuff , the best thing is like four years or five years , it 's pretty soon , you 're -- Uh-huh . 

-- completely vested in the retirement plan and everything , so , uh , it 's not t- , but there 's full , uh , th- , there 's several medical plans to choose from , uh , that cover pretty much everything . I do n't get sick that often , so I do n't pay much of it , b- , and I pay five dollars every time I visit the , the hospital -- Uh-huh . -- that , you know , for a checkup or whatever . Uh-huh . Uh , they do n't cover eyes though , and I , I have contact lenses , so that 's kind of a pain . 

Uh-huh . But , you know , I -- But , for all -- -- I can live , -- practical purpose , you are almost a hundred percent covered . Oh , yeah , yeah . So that you 've got small , small things to gripe about . Right . Wow . And , Well , that sounds like you must feel really good about it . Yeah , yeah , and , and the dental plan is fabulous . The dental plan , I pay absolutely nothing because , uh -- Wow . -- I , I guess they would charge a little bit if there was some orthodontia or something for one of my dependents or something like that -- Uh-huh . -- but -- Uh-huh . -- that 's not the case , so , I guess nothing . It 's fabulous . Wow . Uh , the , what about you ? Well , I , uh , work in Washington at the Naval Research Laboratory . I also have a part time job at a law firm and I get no benefits from them , at to the part time work although , they pay better per hour -- Uh-huh . -- than my , my sort of , quote , real job does . Uh , and benefits , through the government are , uh , really , uh , they just , uh , they 're not the greatest . Uh , I , before I , I , uh , uh , got my degree -- Uh , -- I 'm , uh , c- , a computer scientist -- Uh-huh . -- and before I got my degree , I had , uh , done paralegal work -- Uh-huh . -- for law firms here in Washington and , uh , at that time , I was in gravy city . Uh , the law firms in this town are not , you know , for a long time were just rolling in the dough in the -- Yeah . -- early eighties and , uh , benefits were just amazing -- 

Uh-huh . -- and we had everything paid for , and , uh , anyway , with the government , it 's not , uh , quite that nice a deal . Uh , but it 's , you know , it 's , it 's okay . What we have to do is , we have to pay , uh , about twenty percent of our , uh , uh , our costs and it 's deducted from our check each month and that sort of thing , and the plans that are available to us , uh , range from kind of mediocre to really sweet and , uh , so I , I think I 'm actually involved in a relatively good p- , plan at this point . Uh , but , uh , it could be better , that 's for sure , and , uh , but , you know -- Yeah . -- the- , there are other things that you get when you work for the government i- , uh , in , in terms of , uh , more relaxed atmosphere . It 's really nice to be , for me , anyway , to be able to work in , uh , a research atmosphere , uh , where I do n't have to , uh , uh , you know , worry about , uh , academics or anything like that , and , so I 'm , I 'm really kind of happy about that end of , of things . It 's , uh , Yeah , one of the things with my company is that they 've , uh , got a reputation for a lot of job security and , uh -- Uh-huh . -- there 's a lot of different things that they do , lot of different divisions even this area , in the San Francisco Bay Area that they do , so there 's , I , myself have moved around quite a bit within the company -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's , and I , and I have n't had to move my residence to do that . You know , I still live in San Jose and , Wow , that 's fabulous . Yeah it , You see , now that 's , that 's interesting , because I have a cousin whose husband works for Hewlett Packard -- Oh , yeah ? -- up in the Massachusetts area . Yeah . He , he lives in Andover -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , the work that he , he 's , uh , specifically an engineer and , and does work with , uh , the Hewlett Packard machines that do , uh , uh , sonographic imagining -- Right , right . -- and , uh , I 've been over to see his complex over there and it 's amazing . Uh-huh . It 's , it 's all ecologically designed and , and , uh , he seems really , really happy with the , the set up . Yeah , yeah . 

And , In fact , I know a guy who works at Andover who used to work , who I used to work with out here -- Uh-huh . -- and he moved his family back east a few years ago to , to take that position . Kind of interesting . Uh , a- , anyhow , 