So . Okay , do you rec- , exercise regularly . Yeah , I sure do . What do you do ? Uh , I ride a bicycle quite a bit and uh , work out with free weights . Okay , I love to ride a bicycle . I live right near White Rock Lake , so I used to , I try to ride , about ten to twenty miles a day . But , I -- Oh , that 's good . 

-- have n't been doing so well this year , but , I went an , last year I went an was exercising on a bike for a while and I , when I 'd gotten back I had gotten some sun that day , the sweat had built up on me and built up under my skin and caused me to peel . It was the sweating , not the burn -- Oh that 's weird . -- that was wild . But , I exercise , I do n't exercise now , I just had a baby three months ago , 

I have n't really gotten back into exercising . Oh , yeah . But I exercised real good for a couple of years . It was aerobics and lifting weights three nights a week and it was running three nights a week . So what 's your motivation ? What , what 's my motivation ? Yeah . A friend of mine , always pushing me . This was in Louisiana . And she would push , you know , she was , hey , let 's go do it , 

and you know , she would n't take no for an answer . Was it for health , or , to look good ? Oh , I ju- , I just wanted to look good , yeah , I was think , it was n't really health related . It was just a side benefit . Yeah , yeah , because I 'm not MUMBLEx , I 'm not big or anything , but I 'm not in great shape , so . But when I worked out , I got in pretty good shape . I did n't build up muscle , though , I just got real good and toned . Yeah . I do n't think women look good with muscles . Up to a point . Up to a point , no , m- , yeah , . Yeah . It 's just some of those women that come up there looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger 's sister just does n't get it . 

Yeah , so what was , what was the other question , let 's see , do you do it as a task or do you enjoy , enjoy working out . I guess it 's a task 'cause I ca n't make myself do it lately . Yeah , I think I , uh , I enjoy it sometimes and there 's other times when I just get tired of it and , Yeah . and I feel like I 'm obligated to do it , because I 've been doing it so I should keep up . You do n't want to lose yourself . And there 's some days it 's just like it 's the hardest thing in the world to , to get started . Well how old are you ? I 'm , uh , twenty-seven . Okay , so you 're still young . Yeah , still young , getting older . We all are , so . Yeah , but , uh , It 's not hard to stay , well if you keep working out when you 're young though , when you get older , you know , your body 's not going to look as bad . I seen an old woman today , she was about eighty and she looked so good , Yeah . I mean she was standing just as straight and tall and she had a small waist and she did n't have , you know , like , you know , how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle . Right . A- , she did n't have that at all . She , her lips were a little bit wide , but a lot of , back in her time , they liked women with big hips anyway -- Right . -- so she may be keeping that on purpose , so . Yeah , I notice if you , uh , if you stay in shape you do n't age as bad , Uh-huh . I think , too . I was , I go to school , too , at night and last semester I had stopped working out 'cause I hurt myself and started smoking a lot , and you just , those kind of things age you more . Well smoking ages you quick , Right , an -- it puts those little wrinkles around your lips . -- right an you ca n't , and then , you know , it just kind of feeds itself . You smoke , and then you do n't work out because you , You get winded . Right , and so , Oh , I smoke a pack a day an , I finally quit because , like I just , all I was doing was going down hill fast . I ca n't quit smoking , I 've tried . I was telling a friend of mine that I 'd be almo- , almost as bad as being an alcoholic , Yeah . I ca n't quit smoking . I 've tried , I just ca n't do it . I quit when I was pregnant with my kids , but , you know , as soon as I had them , right back to it . Right back to them . Yeah . Yeah . It was like , you know , 

that was the only reason I quit . I did n't want to . Oh that 's , And I do n't want to quit smoking , I enjoy that . I said I have very few vices , I 'll keep this one thank you . Yeah , yeah . But , uh , did you ever go to like one of those health clubs or anything ? I went to health club a few years ago , and now I work out at home , because I do n't really , my schedule with school and work , I do n't have time to get down to one . Uh-huh . There used to be one that was a twenty-four hour that I used to go to 

but , uh , I actually prefer to work out alone . I like to work out with people , Really . I need , like you , I , I need competition , is what I need . Yeah . I 've got to have somebody to compete with , or I do n't want to do anything . I would n't mind having , you know , working out with a friend and , and stuff but when you get into some of these , some of health clubs where you just stand around and wait . Uh-huh , are you , You know , I like to start , get it done and get out of there . Uh-huh , are you married or anything ? No , I 'm not . No , well , get your girlfriend to work out with you . A lot of women like that . I 'd love it if my husband would ask me to work out with him . He does n't work out very often . Course , he do n't need to . He 's small and he works as a laborer on the railroad . Yeah . So , you know , he 's building his muscles up all day , he does n't have to do anything . Right . He can eat like a horse , too . And he do n't , you know , he do n't gain it like I do . But , uh , Uh , especially having a kid , I guess , tends to just gain weight because you have to , to , Yeah , you have to . to , uh , Well you can gain too much weight . 

I gained a little bit too much , but I looked , with my first little boy , I did gain a lot of weight , I got , I got about fifty pounds overweight with him and I did n't loose it until two years ago and then I got pregnant and , you know , ruined that , so . Just have to start all over . Yeah , well , actually , like I say , it ai n't as bad this time , because I was in shape when I got pregnant . Right . I was n't out of sha- , I was n't overweight when I got pregnant with him , I just was n't in , in shape . I do n't know the difference but , Yeah , some people are a little bit fanatical about it . You know , I , About weight ? Well yeah , and about , Exercise . working out and fitness , you know , I like to , to work out to look good and stay in shape and , you know , I know it 's good for me , but people that live for it and , you know , eat a bunch of different pills , and , Well that 's what my friend did . all that kind of stuff , it gets a little bit obsessive . Well , she was , she was with the wheat germ and all the vitamins and everything else and really , we was , you know , even with her taking all those e , expensive vitamins and stuff , Yeah . we stayed right on the same track with each other , Yeah . you know , developing and everything . Now there , you can take those , uh , what is it ? 

Steroids . Steroids , yeah , I could n't think , Yeah , there 's really bad for you . I was goin , I was trying to say hemorrhoids , , no , I was trying to say hem- , hormones . Hem- , hormones . Yeah , hormones , but yeah , uh , steroids . But , I stay from that crap . Yeah , it 's too dangerous . Oh , I would n't , I could just see hair start growing out of my upper lip or something .   Yeah , I had a friend whose brother did steroids and as soon as he stopped working out he just ballooned out . It all turned to fat and he just , Really . really looked bad . Ugh . But , uh , I did n't know it did that . I do n't know if it does to everybody , he was , i- , it , just that 's how it affected him . And he , I do n't know , just , Yeah , but I 've been wanting to get me a bicycle , or a bike . I 've been wanting to get a ten speed to ride around . I 'm scared to run , for dogs . Course I know dogs can get you on a bike too , but , Yeah . seems like it , At least you got a chance to out run them that way . Yeah . I do n't like to run myself . I 've thought about it several times 

and I just , it , I like to move a little faster and cover more ground . Well they , yeah , they 've come up that running is not as good for you as they thought it was . 

It 's probably , I would think it would be hard on your , your legs and your joints and stuff . Yeah , it 's real hard on your legs and it 's hard on women . And it , it just makes stuff move down . 

Yeah . And , uh , but I , I , I like jogging , I do n't mind that . I can get out and do that , Uh , I ca n't . as long as it 's not hot . If it 's hot , you ca n't do that . But in the rain , oh , I love to run in the rain , just , you know , be careful not to slide . Yeah . But you ca n't ride your bike at all in the rain , can you . No , you ca n't , it 's dangerous . You slide . At least maybe some of these mountain bikes you could but a regular ten speed with those skinny tires , Uh-huh . you slide all over the place . Yeah . Oh , I , when I did ride my friend 's bike , that one time , I had , uh , I do n't know what I was trying to do . 

I was trying to make a U turn 

and I never could make a U turn in a bike , I can do it in my car , but I tried to do it on that ten speed and wrecked and I told her a dog was chasing me . But I wrecked it into the curb . I did n't hurt it too bad . I scratched it on the , the oh , she had some kind of fender thing going over the back tire , I think . Yeah . 

But oh well . Anyway , it 's been nice talking to you . Yeah , well . And , uh , Well good luck with the , the new kid . Thank you , she 's , it , she 's good . Anyway , have fun exercising . All right . All right , bye-bye . 