So what do you think about it ? How are we doing in recycling ? Are we , Well , I think we need to do more . I mean , I know I need to do more . They have programs around where you can reach the , uh , they come and pick up your newspapers if you have them bundled up . Uh-huh . But I have a hard time of being able , of separating , you know , having a place , separating my trash , and get all the -- Yeah . -- cans from the paper , and , you know , I just have n't gotten that dedicated yet . So . I do a lot of work with the boy scouts , and we try to do a lot -- Uh-huh . -- but there 's still a lot more we can do . Yeah . You know , I do n't recycle my newspapers myself , but I noticed in one of the sales catalogs this weekend they have a , like a , a clothes hamper kind of thing that , you know , you lay your string in , then you put your papers in there -- Uh-huh . -- tie them all up and bundle them up , so I figured I might get me one of those -- 

Uh-huh . -- because we do n't always read the newspaper . Sometimes it just sits around for a while , and then we just chuck it . Yeah , well , I do n't , I do n't get the paper every day , but , you know , I get it on , I try to buy , you know , the early edition for the coupons , you know , the Sunday edition . 

So . Yeah . But , then I just , you know , bundle it up and put it on the front , you know , the front walk ev- , -- Yeah . -- you know , every Monday or every other Monday , and have them pick that up , but that 's the extent of what I 've done . I 'd like to be able to do more . The problem is , with a lot of it is , you have to go , you know , it takes a while to drive to these places where you recycle it , you know -- Yeah see , and , -- it 's not always convenient to do it . Yeah , see , and here in Lubbock everything 's so close . I can imagine what it 's like up there . Yeah , I 'm not exactly sure where the , you know , the can thing is , but , you know , sometimes it 's just so , seems so much easier just to take it and throw it in the trash , and have -- Yeah . -- them pick it up than it is to smash the cans and drive it some place to have them . See , I went out to Payless Cashways here a couple of days ago , as a matter of fact , and got me one of those little can crushers that I could put on the wall -- Uh-huh . -- and then I put me a little five gallon bucket , and it 's just outside the garage door -- Uh-huh . -- so every time we drink a Coke or whatever we crush the can and just drop it into the bucket . 

Do those can crushers work good ? Yeah , I got one from Payless Cashways , and it 's actually metal -- Uh-huh . -- it 's not plastic . I did n't want to buy a plastic one . Yeah because those things I think would just snap -- Yeah . -- you know . But Payless Cashways has them and they 're metal , and I do n't know what affiliate of Payless Cashways you have up there , but it was only like seven dollars , not too bad . Oh . I 'd have to check into something like that , because , I mean , we do n't drink a whole lot of soda around here , you know , but , um -- Yeah . -- you know , occasionally we have some around , but , you know , for other kind of cans , just to , it 'd probably only take aluminum cans like that , do n't they . Yeah , I do n't , yeah , I do n't think it would crush steel cans , it 's pretty tough . Yeah , so . I do n't know , I do n't think you have to crush the other ones for them to get to take that , but , No , you could probably just , you know , I need to look into it more , you know , it 's , you know , it , sometimes , even with the newspaper they say they 'll only take certain types of paper , you know , they wo n't take -- Yeah -- -- paper that 's shiny , -- they wo n't , yeah , they wo n't take any lint free paper or , see , I work at T I . Yeah , so does my husband , yeah . We do a lot of recycling out there . Uh-huh . 

Now we recycle all our computer paper and our cardboard , but that 's just now come on board . Uh-huh . You know , we 've been throwing paper out there away for years , and we 're just now getting on board to recycling -- Uh-huh . -- ever since this big Earth Day thing came out , you know . Yeah , I do n't know what , you know , I have n't , I 'm sure they 're probably doing that here some . Yeah , I 'm sure they are . T I is doing it pretty well nation-wide , I 'm sure . Uh-huh . I think it 's necessary , I , I like it , you know , it makes , I think it 's good that you see these , you know , like boxes , cereal , they 're now starting to make them , you know , the packages out of recycled paper , and , Oh , yeah . And I 've bought , you know , I 've bought greeting cards that are made out of recycled paper , and I think they 're just fine . Yeah , I bought a , I got one at work that I bought for one of the guys there at work , it 's his birthday , we 're pretty good friends , and what it is is a recycled paper bag -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's just got Happy Birthday printing on it , and a cute little phrase inside , and it 's just a paper bag -- Uh-huh . -- you know , and it 's really cute . Yeah . But , I think we 're doing better and better all the time , Yeah -- MUMBLEx still do n't , -- I think we 're getting , becoming more conscious because we just ca n't stick everything in landfills any more . 

So . No , there 's not going to be any room , shortly . No , no , the office , I do n't know what New York does about theirs . I guess they still ship it out on barges somewhere . Yeah , it 's probably sitting out on the barge somewhere . Yeah , so . But I think we 're getting better at it -- Yeah . -- I think there 's quite a bit more we could do . Girls , put that away . Now . But , you 're right sometimes it does seem like it 's more trouble than what it would be worth . Yeah , I just wish it was a little more conv , convenient -- Yeah . -- to do , you know , seems like you 're so busy anyway , and then that 's just one more thing to have to worry about . So . Yeah , it sure is . I think if , you know , the cities , locally , you know , they 'd get more programs going so that you could do that , it 'd make it a lot easier . So . Yeah , yeah . Well , they 'll get at it sooner . I guess the schools will get into it , too , sooner or later . Yeah , yeah , get the kids -- You know they have , -- interested in it too . We tried to have an aluminum can drive with the cub scouts that I have , and we just do n't have any place to store those kind of cans . 

Yeah . You know , if we go out and pick up a bunch of cans from people , sure they 'll save them for us , there 's no problem there . Uh-huh . But what do you do with them in the meantime ? That 's right . Now I do n't want a can , a garage full of cans . That 's right , who does . You know -- You know . -- people do n't have room for that kind of stuff . No , they 're just not , they 're not prepared for it . 

No , and in Texas , they 're just get , things like that , they just get bugs in them . So . Yeah , yeah , they do . So , you do n't , You know , the more trash you have laying around the more bugs you get , that 's for sure . That 's right , so . So . I 'm pretty lazy about it right now . 

Everything goes into one thing and goes out to the . Yeah . You know , pick it up . So . Yeah , myself . About the only thing I really recycle around here is aluminum cans . Uh-huh . 

So . Well , I need to get , get better at it . So . Well , if we all try a little bit , a little bit goes a long way . Yeah , 

that 's right , that 's right . If everybody tries to do just a little bit , and a little bit more then -- That 's true . -- we 'll get there . That 's right . Well -- Huh . -- thank you for talking to me . Well , thank you for calling . I , Sure , no problem , Okay , take care . All right , Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 