Are you going to tell me what you 've been doing lately in the -- Sure , uh , -- okay . I 'll offer anything that I can on the subject . Uh , my husband and I just bought a , just moved here recently and , uh , we bought , uh , this house about , uh , I do n't know , year and a half ago . What we have here now is just a basic three bedroom , two bath , brick house which is , uh , completely different from what I had had before . When I was working and before I married , uh , I lived in a little town south of here that is just full of old homes and , uh , historic old houses and things like that so I , uh , tried to , I was in the process of renovating a house and , uh , that was about seventy-five years old . Oh , my . So , uh , it had to have everything done from top to bottom to having it leveled , jacked up , uh , new plumbing , new wiring , wallpaper , paint , everything you can think of , You , that house had to have . You are experienced I would say . Well , I , I really did enjoy it , uh , you know , it was amazing what I found out I could do on my own if I just put my mind to it . Well , I agree . Yeah . I have done something , uh , like that , too , only not nearly as extensive . Uh-huh . But it must be interesting now trying to do something to a basic ranch , It is . style home . It is . Uh , Yeah . after having a one that was historical looking . That 's , that 's true . When , uh , I met my husband , he was living in an apartment at the time and , and , uh , the town that I was living in only about eighty miles from here . So , uh , you know , I , we , really it was just the market was so good , we had n't really planned on buying and , as you probably heard from the , in the Dallas and Texas area period the housing market is just unreal . I mean you can get things for such a song . Yes . So , that 's , that 's really why we ended up in a house like this . This is not what we , you know , what we want to stay in forever , because I have to have my , I 've found that after doing this other house , I have to have my hands into stuff and , Uh-huh . you know , I 'm always just wanting to paint and , and wallpaper and redo and redo , so , uh , you know , I , I 'm ready to get ahold of another one that I can have a little more input into so , Well , maybe you can , uh , make that one charming and , and make a little bit money , uh , Yeah . That 's , that 's the key , you know , the thing is , uh , when we moved in they had just , uh , painted , wallpa- , we 're , you know , wallpapered , new carpet and everything 

so I feel sort of , uh , you know , like it 's sort of defeating my purpose to go rip everything out now and do it over just because I 'm in the mood to do it . So , uh , we 'll see , Yes . we 'll see how much longer we 're here . Well , we just moved to Charlotte , Uh-huh . from Enid , Oklahoma . Oh , Oklahoma of all places . So I know , Yeah . of what you 're talking about , Uh-huh . as far as the market was concerned -- Right . -- and I 'll tell you , uh , we , we had kind of a charming house . It was a cedar shake house , Oh , yes . and very weathered . And , uh , Uh-huh . it was about fifty years old , Uh-huh . but not tra , not really , uh , traditional looking , Uh-huh , uh-huh . particularly . Uh-huh . And , uh , so I tried to make it , after I sold my business I , in , in , I spent almost three years redoing . Oh , yeah . And I considered it a full time job -- Oh , it is , 

yeah . -- and when we did , uh , we kind of had planned this , uh , trek to the east , Uh-huh , uh-huh . because we 're both originally from this part of the country . I see , uh-huh . And so , I think some of the things that I did paid off . For instance , Uh-huh . one thing that I did that might even be a good suggestion for you -- Uh-huh . -- uh , was something I did on the outside . I love old estate , estate sales . Yes , yes . I happened to go to just a little estate sale that , Uh-huh . just a little white frame house , Uh-huh . where the couple , uh , was very old , Uh-huh . and had gone into nursing homes and -- Oh , yeah . -- uh , all the men started going down to the barn . Uh , oh . And so I , th- , well shoot I 'm going , That 's where I need to go . Yes , I 'm going to the barn , too . Exactly . They , uh , auctioned some tools and , Yeah . things like that , Uh-huh . but then they went over and started , uh , auctioning this big stack of bricks . Oh . And , so , well , I thought , gee , I 've been wanting to , Uh-huh . 

do some brick , uh , walkways -- Work , right , right . -- for a time . Uh-huh . Anyway , it ended up after some pretty , uh , heavy bidding , Uh-huh . that I got all those bricks for forty dollars . Oh , my word . And , so my husband and I loaded bricks in his , Oh , no . pickup truck for days . Oh , my word . But , what we ended up with was about four thousand . For forty dollars ? For forty dollars . Oh , my . And so what we did , we had built a deck on the back of that house , Uh-huh . but it needed and , Something . it was quite large out to , Uh-huh . into the yard but , Uh-huh . on either side of it to the ends of the house it just needed to be all tied together . So we , Right . made brick patios , and walkways . Oh , how fun . Oh , how nice . And so for , and he , he did the digging , Uh-huh . which was about six inches , but I figured the sand and all , Uh-huh . had that delivered and , Right . leveled it and , and , 

Right . placed most all the bricks . Uh-huh . And it turned out beautifully . Oh , I bet . And what satisfaction to know that you did it in such an inexpensive way . Yes . Well , it nearly killed me . Yeah , but , but you did stag , stagger back and say , oh , does n't this look nice . I hated to leave it . Well , let me ask you , when you laid those bricks , I know my parents bought a house about ten years ago , they 're fixing to sell it again , but , and move again . They 're kind of , my mom 's like I am . She 's a renovator , a lover of old things -- Uh-huh . -- and , you know , they have to be doing something constantly . And the patio that came with that house , uh , was not laid on a , like , I do n't know if you can put some sort of a plastic sheeting or something un- , on , on top of the sand and then lay the bricks . No 

we , But they have , they have a problem with these little tin- , like sand bugs or something -- Well , I , -- that drill in between all these bricks . And , of course you know you have the , uh , the weeds that come up in between the bricks or , and things like that . Well , no , I , I did n't have that trouble because , uh , we laid the , I did get some material -- Uh-huh . -- and studied every bit of material that I could study , but -- Yeah . -- we laid those bricks about as close as you can get them , I see . because when you start and we put them on a base of four inches of s- , sand -- Okay , yeah . -- and then we , uh , we swept sand in between , but -- Uh-huh . -- but it was an error to , to leave like an eighth of an inch or whatever . You just put them together as close as you can . As tight as you can . That 's probably , because they had , you know every spring my mom says we 're going to have a par- , a barbecue and tell everybody , guess what , we 're going to , we 're going to redo the patio , you know , we 're going to pull up all the bricks , Uh-huh . but , uh , they just , they just have n't brought themselves to do it . 

Yeah , well , So , and I also used a rubber hammer , a lot , Uh-huh . to , uh , Uh-huh . you know , if it was n't quite level or something , I 'd just get that , Right . 

rubber hammer and , uh , and , and prob- , you know , I think that they could , if they have problems with , uh , sand bugs of some kind -- Uh-huh . -- I think all they need to do is probably put some insecticide down in there -- Yeah . -- on a , oh , a fairly regular basis , Right . for a while anyway . Right , well the thing that 's funny is they 've done , uh , they 've done things like that , you know , I 'll catch her out there spraying around , and then it 's like , in two days time they 'll come home from work and those little things are back . It 's just , they 're the most resilient little characters and so , I do n't know what they 're finally going to do . She may just , hopefully they 'll sell the house , 

and go somewhere else . Well , I think , And then she wo n't have to worry about it . I think she needs to take them to the extension agent and ask him what they are and , What are these things ? yeah , is it diazinon or what is it that will , uh , Right . Dursban or something like that . Yeah , what it , what it is that 'll , that 'll , Dursban , take care of them . I think in this area or most all areas they use , you know , Yeah . for ticks and fleas . And you know , they 're , Right . awful hard to do anything with . Oh , that 's true . That 's true . But my , my dad farms and , you know , she 's always telling him , is n't there something that , that you can bring home with you that kills everything that you spray , you know , out in the , out in the field , that you can get rid of , Yeah . 

these bugs , but , uh , 

I bet Dursban would do it . It might , it might do it , yeah . 

She 's got so many flow- , she 's got just a gorgeous yard , so many , uh , flowers and her , her four cats , you know , so she 's sort of , uh , real funny about what she sprays . Yeah . I think , uh , you probably just need to make sure that it dries , Uh-huh . very , very careful- , uh , well , Uh-huh . before she lets her cats out , or something , Yeah . like that . Yeah . Well , gosh , Deb , we could talk all day could n't we . I know , I , I was just , you know , it just seems like I , as I said when I heard the , what the subject was , I thought oh , gosh I have n't thought about , uh , what I went through at that other house in so long . 

I 've been so busy . But , uh , I do n't know of everything that I did , I guess I enjoyed probably wallpapering the most and I thought that would be the hardest thing to do . Yes . But , uh , gosh , you know , I ended up wallpapering every bedroom in that house , uh , up the stairway , 

Wow . even . You know , I just had a ball with it , Oh . it was so much fun . Oh , good . Yeah . And I 've sworn up and down , my mom 's , uh , my mom 's great grandparents had this huge Victorian house in Paris , Texas , and the one thing that she ended up with is , was the old door , Uh-huh . that was , that was on the front door of that house -- Yes . -- and she has that up in her attic and I have sworn that it , I 'm going to find a house to put that door on before she does . So , as far as looking toward the future , you know , that 's my plan . I 'm going to have to move fast , I think , though , because , uh , you know , as a , 