Okay . Yeah . Well , considering you moved here from California , I guess , the rain for the past few weeks has been different than what you have down there . Yeah , we have , uh , in California , I 'm in c , I lived in central California . We have rain couple times a year and other than that , you know , it would be maybe October and then in the spring and then other than that there would n't be any rain . Especially -- So , -- the last few years . Yeah , yeah . It 's kind of , it 's kind of been a drought out there has n't it , uh , Yeah , there has . So here , I know that , uh , last year there was some ice storms while I was out of the state and I 'm glad to see there have n't been any this year . 

Yet . Yeah , yet . Still could come , huh . Generally if we 're going to get them , it 's not going to happen , uh , prior to January one . Uh-huh . You may get a cold snap or two or some rain or something like we 've been getting in December , 

but -- Yeah . -- usually the bitterest weather , if we 're going to have any , comes in January and February . Um . Then by March things are getting warm again , so we really do n't have , as long a cold season , I guess as people up north . Yeah , yeah it 's so hard to predict here . It 's been eighty degrees on Christmas day here before . Yeah . Lots of times . Well , today it 's not bad out there . No , it 's nice . I just came in from outside -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's , it 's really pretty . It 's kind of nice to have it dry all the ground out -- Yeah . -- before it rains again . Yeah . I 'm a , I 'm a scoutmaster and so I wind up going out camping with , uh , a bunch of boys at one time and so , it 's -- Uh-huh . -- better for us if it has n't been this totally wet before we go . Yeah . So you do that even in January , huh ? Oh , yeah . 

Uh-huh . Yeah , we camp year round . 

Yeah , oh , that 's -- But , uh , -- interesting . It 's , uh , it 's definitely different . Uh-huh . And then , I guess you 've been through a couple of summers here , too , right ? Yeah , 

I have and they 're not too pleasant . It gets so humid . To me it 's humid here . People that I know that -- Oh , it is . -- come from , uh , like Georgia or -- It 's not as -- -- North Carolina , -- humid . Yeah , they say , it 's , As Houston , say , or Atlanta , but it , Yeah . But -- But I find it , -- more humid than Arizona and California for the most part . Right . Were you northern California ? I was central California . Central . Central valley . It 's very dry there . Yeah . Yeah . Well , it 's pretty hot in the summer . It 's in the usually , you know , for a good three , four weeks we have over a hundred degrees . But it 's a drier , But it 's a dry heat , yeah . Hundred , when you have a hundred here , everybody 's dying . Uh-huh , yeah , I know . Well , I lived in Africa for a couple years in -- Oh . -- Cameroon and that 's a tropical climate and it really feels similar to this -- What types of , -- during the summer . What type , what type of business takes you to those climates or was that just vacation or something ? No , I was , uh , working with , uh , I still work with Wycliff Bible Translators . Oh . It 's an organization where we are looking to translate the BIBLE into languages of the world that are n't yet written . Not so much still trying to translate old texts as just trying to translate modern versions into other languages . Right , languages that do n't have anything written yet . So this is like the first thing that 's written down or -- Oh . -- you know , first an alphabet is developed and then , uh , That 's interesting . So , You do n't think about that as a career , a normal career , uh , when -- Yeah . -- you 're thinking of things that people might be doing . Yeah , well , it 's based here , uh , the international headquarters for Wycliff Bible Translators is right here in , in Dallas . So you 're , you 're with the home office now . Yeah , right now I am . That 's what brought me here , yeah . Well , the , uh , I think , uh , all in all there are a lot worse climates than Dallas , uh , the weather -- Yeah . -- you know , does change fast and things do happen severely a few times a year , but there 's an awful lot of good weather , too , in -- Yeah -- -- between . -- I agree , I agree . I , I thought the fall was really nice . Yeah , and usually a lot of the spring months are really nice , too . Uh-huh . After the last freeze and , and when it begins to be in the sixties and seventies most of the time , uh , I -- Yeah . -- like that . Uh-huh . 

Particularly if I 'm going to be outdoors -- Uh-huh . -- and doing , uh , outdoor activity , hiking and things . And that 's -- Yeah , you probably do a lot of that with -- -- nicer . -- scout -- Yeah , 

I -- -- scouting . -- do quite a bit of that . Uh-huh . Think we 're going in just a couple of weeks out to the , east Texas , and it is a little more humid out there than it is here , so -- Uh-huh . -- I guess we 'll , the only thing you have to watch out in this part of the country is during the change type seasons is the really severe storms that occasionally -- Uh-huh . -- come through out here on the plains . There 's not much between us and the North Pole . Yeah . And then when you get one of those tornado type -- Uh-huh . -- systems through or severe hail or thunderstorms and then , 