Okay . All right . Um , I , I understand that it 's being proposed as a requirement , Uh-huh . for , uh , young people to be , to go into public service . I think , Yes , all , all young Americans , they did not specify , you know , exactly what young means . Yeah , yeah . I think that it probably would be a , a good program . I think probably two years is too long . Yeah . I think maybe a year would be , Yeah . the longest . Yeah , you 're prob- , probably right , two years might be a little too long . Yeah , and there will be a lot of rebellion in that and when you get people who have no desire to be there in the first place , 

That 's right . That , I do n't think that they 're going to be serving anybody . that would be the problem . Sure would . Yeah . So I think it would be a good thing though , Uh-huh . to encourage other people who are n't even aware that they can do such a thing . Uh-huh . to get out there and do so . Yeah , or maybe offer them , you know , some sort of an incentive to do it . Yeah . Uh , you know college credit , you know , something , you know , Right . I 'm not sure what but , Right . College credit is a good idea because , I 'm not sure they need to be , you know , paid , you know , a super do salary of any kind . Right . but that , that kind of takes away from public service . That 's right . Yeah , they probably could n't do anything monetary , but I think , giving , But , just , you know , to receive a letter in the mail , giving some kind of college credit , that says , you know , you need to report somewhere by next Monday , you know you need to report somewhere by next Monday , you know . I 'm not sure that would be a terrifically good idea . No , I do n't think so either because a lot of people , um , depending on how the public service programs are set up and I 'm not that familiar with them to know , I 'm not either really . But , you know , if , a , a lot of people flat ca n't afford to . That 's right . You know , That 's right . and most kids these days have gotten themselves into , uh , financial situations , Uh-huh . where they have to be working all the time . That 's right . Absolutely . They need , you- , So , it 's , it 's a really tough question . young families , whatever , That 's right . they just could n't , you know , take off to do that . Yeah , Oh , and , if you put them in public service right out of high school , then that , that postpones their college , That 's right , uh-huh . for a year and that would upset a lot of people too , Uh-huh , it sure would . because they just want to get on , It would have to be a lot of , you know , thought given to something like that , I would think . Yeah . I , you know , I think it would be good for a lot of people to get involved in that kind of program , Uh-huh . but I , I think it ca n't be something that 's mandatory . Yeah . Yeah . 

it has to be something that 's voluntary . You know , which is pretty much the way it is now . They might , That 's right . I 'm not even really sure at this point in time , you know , what , what programs are out there . Yeah , and that 's the other thing is that , you know , instead of making it mandatory , they maybe need to publicize it a little bit better . Uh-huh . and , uh , you know , go to the schools and do programs , Uh-huh . and tell them that we need your help , and , 

Uh-huh . you know , uh , volunteer for such and such a time , Uh-huh . and you 've a choice of where you want to go . Yeah . and , and that way , handling it that way they could probably get some results out of it . Yeah , like maybe if , if there was something they could do in their own , own , in their own town or city , Yeah , in their own community , right . yeah , and not have to pull up roots and , you know , go somewhere half way around the world , or something . Yeah , that 's true . Most of them probably would n't do something like that . That 's right . Although there are a lot of kids who would do it just to get away from their parents . Yeah , that 's , that 's true too . That 's true too . But , they would have to be supported in some way , and I 'm not sure that tho- , those programs are available to do that . 

Yeah , yeah . Me neither . And , you wonder , you know , what kind of quality job would they do , you know , Right . Just sit around for their year , or would they really , you know , make a contribution of some kind . Right , exactly . Yeah , it 's tough . It 's tough . Yeah , it is tough . 

It 's , and I do n't know who 's even proposing it , Yeah . or , or how they plan on implementing it , Yeah . if they do . I , I 'm not sure either . 

But , I think , there would have to be a lot more , you know , information , you know , disseminated , before you say , Yeah . let 's do this , you know . Yeah . I think going to the schools would be the easiest for them . Yeah . You know , it be , it would n't take up much , much , it would take up more time than anything but it would n't take up a lot of money . Yeah . They would n't have to spend money advertising and things like that . Yeah . That 's right . 

You go to school and you have a kind of a captive audience , get them all in the auditorium , Yeah . and you , you give them your speech and maybe a little slide show or something , Uh-huh . and , I think , that they could get some results from that , Right . because there are a lot of people who are volunteer and community minded , but they do n't know where to go to , to , That 's right . to do anything . Yeah . That 's a real waste too . It really is . Yeah , it is . It really is . I do n't really see the emphasis on things like Peace Corps , like we , you know , we saw back , I guess , in the Carter administration , Right . that was , that was a big thing with him . Yeah , yeah . And , I guess even back to Kennedy , as a matter of fact , I guess Kennedy may be the one that actually started the thing , or was , you know , really interested in things like that . Uh-huh . I just do n't hear much about it anymore . 

Like I say , I do n't even know what programs are , are even ongoing now , you know . I do n't either . That 's one , Anyway , it 's a tough question . Yeah , it is a tough question . Okay , well thanks for your time . I enjoyed talking to you . Sure , same here . Okay , take care . Ta- , you too . Bye-bye . Bye . 