Well , I do n't know what to do about the federal budget . Um , there certainly have been ideas surfaced , uh , recently , uh , matter of fact repeatedly by many people and I sort of wondered what your , what thoughts you had on that area . The , the first one is we need people in there that , that understand , uh , numbers . The numbers that are being thrown around when , when we 're talking in trillions of dollars . Uh-huh . Uh , which is an astronomical sum and , and the people that are talking this numbers have no concept of what that number means . Now are you , are you talking about the elected people or are you talking about others ? The elected people . Yes . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Our , our , our Senate and Congress and , and people that , that deal everyday and , and what 's going to be done with those monies -- Yes . -- um , and do n't really understand what that is or how a budget even works . Uh-huh . Uh , we need to elect people that are more , uh , or ... I 'm not sure how you would ach , how would you achieve that ? I mean if , Well , let 's , let 's make them have a degree in economy , uh , or economics . So you would trust the decision making dec- , economists ? Well , Sometimes called the dismal science . Yeah . But , but people that , that know the value of a dollar that understand the value of a dollar , Uh-huh . Yes . um , and wh- , in , in , in the , the , uh , lobbyists , Uh-huh . needs them to be eliminated , uh , Uh-huh . from Congress . Um , Yes . They do n't make pragmatic decisions . They make a decision based on consti- , constituency -- Yes . -- instead of a decision based on what they really believe . Uh-huh . Um , you know , th- , or they tack on this , uh , pork bellies and , and do things that , that are good for their area to pass something that is , that is not good for the country . 

Right . So , so you would favor a law which said there could not be lobbyists . I mean right now lobbyists require to register you 'd just say , Oh , I , I definitely would . Yeah . Get rid of them . Ma , make them all . 

Totally . Uh , No causes that you think the lobbyists would be good for ? I , I think that any company or anything that wants to contribute to a fund -- Uh-huh . -- should be able to do that , and be registered with what they ever contribute . But they should not have a one-on-one relationship with the people making the decisions that affect them . Uh-huh . That , that 's a conflict of interest as far as I 'm concerned . Yeah . When you are talking again , uh , billions and trillions of dollars -- Uh-huh . -- uh , you 're , you 're jeopardizing the future of the country , uh , for today . That , So , uh , you talk about jeopardizing the future . Would you be against any deficit spending ? I , I think to bring it in line you are going to have to have a generation that 's going to really bite the bullet to bring it in line . You ca n't ease into it . It took years and years to build up the momentum that 's there now . Uh-huh . Uh , I , I forget the figures on the interest rate but it 's something like , uh , hundreds of thousands of dollars a second -- Uh-huh . -- in interest . Yeah . Part of the problem is we do n't loan from ourselves . We , we buy from intimate international banking . 

That 's why we have interest . Uh-huh . And , and I , I , I really feel that , that , that is part of the problem that we , we 've let things get so out of control that , that we do n't want to put the brakes on them . But wha , what practical steps could on- , could one take ? Um , By , by having a , a , a budget that is , is feasible , that is reasonable . Well , but everybody will say that he is for that . Uh , and , Oh , of course . 

Sure . and how will you , 

And then add on to it . make that actually happen ? You take the gross national income -- Uh-huh . -- and you say our budget is X number of percent of this gross national income . One thing we could do is give a ten percent income tax . Uh-huh . Across-the-board , everyone no matter what , Yep . pays a ten percent income tax . Sounds like a good idea . Uh , Nothing escapes , right ? No , no , That 's right . deductions , nothing . Right . No deductions . Just ten percent . You pay a ten percent income tax . Yep . That 's what you pay if you make forty million dollars , uh , then you 're going to pay four million . Right . I- , if you make forty dollars , you 're going to pay four dollars . And , and that 's it . Yep . So that , that 's it . That 's I mean I , I agree with that that 's a good idea and is it your expectation that that would raise the total revenues collected or , or lower them or what ? I do n't know that it would or would n't . 