Okay , so we 've got to talk about music . Okay . And , um , do you like classic rock , or modern rock , or which kind ? No , not a seventies baby . Well , no that 's really when I grew up , so that 's really what I like better , is that kind of music , I mean , Is it disco , or is it like , No , no , no , not that kind of music . but , No , more like , uh , rock , um , you know , like Led Zepplin type . Oh , okay . So , so they can get like the Doors and Led Zepplin . Right . Yeah , that 's cool . Right . And , how about the Rolling Stones ? Oh , sure , sure I went to their concert last year when they were here . Oh , that 's when , that 's when they took , toured . How about , um , Pink Floyd ? Sure , yeah , I like them . Okay . So , so then we got , we got some same things because , Okay , well , I just did n't know that much about music and I was n't sure what kind of music . No , it 's very hard because , see , well , I mean , in the whole spectrum I 'd rather listen , you know , I listen to heavy metal or classic rock . What , what kind of heavy metal are we talking about ? What , We 're talking about what they , what they call hard rock . Okay , like , give me some examples . Like , for example , let 's see , uh , Bad Company , what , Oh , well , Bad Cam- , Company 's not bad , that 's not , well , they 're like , for example , A C D C . Yeah , A C D C . Why , have you heard of them ? Yes . 

Okay . And , stuff like that . That 's , that 's , Well , okay . that 's not really hard rock . Okay , I guess I did n't really consider that heavy metal . 

Okay . I mean , I , I think , when you say heavy metal , I 'm , I 'm thinking about like Cinderella , you know . Well , Cinderella is , is hard rock , heavy metal . Well , see , I do n't really care for Cinderella . But , I like A C D C 's okay . But , see , for example , they have , see what , but other bands consider it like really hard rock . It 's like brash metal , which all they do is like , they have this guitar and they just bang at the guitar , and the guitar is set like , really low , Yeah . No , I do n't really care for that too much , I guess . and , what happens is like , oh , everybody gets like totally into the music and then they start dancing around , Uh-huh . and they just bump into each other , Uh-huh . like , like they hit each other with their shoulders , Uh-huh . and , then , you knock people down , and what you do is , you also try to get up on stage and jump down on top of all these other people . Is that the kind of music that you like ? No , I do n't like that music . Oh , okay . But , that 's , that 's what they do . That 's , that 's what some people call like really heavy metal . Oh , okay . And , see , the difference , I guess , between hard rock and heavy metal is that the lyrics also . Like really , like heavy metal , wo- , is considered , like the words heavy metal and , like , you always thought about , like , suicide . And killing people and stuff like that . Yeah . And , just hard rock has , they , they do n't talk about that , they just talk about , like , life in general . Right . Like , Queen 's Reich , if you ever heard of them . Oh , sure . Of course . Yeah . Que- , you , you 're talking Queen , is that what you said ? Okay , well , no . I said Queen 's Reich , 

but , Oh , oh , oh , okay , but , oh , but you got to like Queen also . Right . So because , Well sure , because Queen was real popular when I was growing up . 

Yeah , especially , uh , oh God , what is it , A Night At The Opera ? Do n't they have a , 

no let 's see , the one that they have the , the whole opera singing in the background . Oh ! Bo , Bo , Bohemian Rhapsody . Right , right , yeah , yeah . Yeah , that , that was great . I heard that the other day on the radio and I pumped it up . Because , I mean , I just love that song . Yeah , that , that was a real good one . Yeah , but they had , that , that whole record was pretty good . But then , they started going downhill like everybody else . Well , that 's true . They came up with some pretty weird stuff after that . Yeah , they 're , they 're still around , they 've got a ne , new C D out , but I , I would n't buy it . Because see , what happens is , the old , see whe- , I like , I like the old Rolling Stones . I do n't like the new stuff . Of the Stones ? Yeah . Yeah . I agree . That 's the ne- , the older stuff is the best of it . The , the new stuff 's kind of more like , today 's rock and roll , which I , Yeah . do n't really care for today 's rock and roll too much . Well , for example , I used to like old Phil Collins . Right . Yes , definitely . I agree . And , and , then what happened was that Phil Collins said , hey I can make money , a lot of money doing this , and then he came out with , uh , see , for example , his , his record like , No Jacket Required . Uh-huh . That was good , but it was on his way of going downhill , because he said , I can make a lot of money just singing alone , and then he came out with the Invisible Touch , with , uh , Genesis and that really , like now , I hate Phil Collins , I ca n't stand him . Right . Because , I look at him and I say , you know , you were singing at this time , and with these people , and you were great , 

and now you 're singing all this stuff that , does n't matter what you , what you sing or what you record , it 's still going to be a number one hit . And so , that 's , that 's what gets me mad . Yeah . But , did , did you go see that new Doors movie ? No , not yet . I guess I 've been , con , kind of considering it . Have you seen it yet ? Yeah . I saw it when it opened . Was it really good ? 

Yeah . 

Uh-huh . you know , like those guys that criticize movies ? Right . And , they both loved the movie , right ? Uh-huh . They said the music 's great , it took me back to the sixties , and stuff like that . Uh-huh . And then , one of them said , well , everything is great , but I 'm going to give it thumbs down . And they go , but why ? Because it 's like , the end is , like , really depressing . And so , Oh . But it , but it 's like the movie is so well made , and the music that goes with it just picks you up , see , I was never , I was born in nineteen hundred sixty-nine . Oh , okay . So , I mean , so for me , So , you did n't really grow up with that kind of music then . No , 

but you learn to . I mean it 's just that , like the , the sixties music 's got a lot to say . Right . I , I never found out what a lot of the seventies music had too . You know , I was like , Well no , I 've never liked disco . Hey , but I bet you were out there with your bell bottomed pants , Well , that 's true . That 's true . But , I was more in the late seven- , well , I shou , like mid to late seventies , like between seventy-five and , Yeah , yeah . and , seventy-nine , was more my era . Did , did you go to college ? Well , no . I 'm going right now . Oh , that 's cool . But uh , no I did n't go then . But see , I graduated high school in seventy-eight , Okay . so , you know , in seventy-eight , you know rock was starting to get really heavy , you know , and real , um , Yeah , yeah . I do n't know , disco was pretty much dead by then . Yeah . 

So , so that 's what I mean , disco was n't really my time . Well , they always say that the seventies was the lowest point in , in progression , ever in history . So , About music ? No , about everything . Oh . Okay . So , it 's like , nothing happened during the seventies . Everything happened during the sixties , the seventies I do n't know what they 're called , you know , it 's like , like the , the eighties are called , like the progressive years , or the , or , you know , like the technology years , Uh-huh . because of all the computers and stuff . 

But the seventies got nothing . I mean , nobody cared to name it . That 's kind of funny . So . You 're right . I never thought of that . The disco years , that 's what they 're calling them , Yeah , I know . are gone . Can you imagine the , like a big picture of John Travolta , ta-da , what is it SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER ? Him just standing there . Yeah , right . Yeah , that 's a good example to look for in history . Well , from now on we 're going to go from the , from nineteen sixty-nine when they took the first step on the moon , to nineteen eighties . Okay , what happened in the middle ? 

Do n't worry , do n't worry , you 're not , you 're not missing anything , you know , so , That 's true . Well , except for Vietnam . Yeah , really . And , that 's , You know with , that 's why I guess , everybody , yeah , it 's like they do n't want to talk about that , so they just , do n't name it . I mean , it was , it was , I guess it was pretty bad times . Yeah . Well , that 's very true . But , Oh , well , let 's see , yeah , okay , we 've been talking for seven minutes , so , 

Oh , good . I have n't even been keeping track . Okay , all right , so um , I 'm going to leave you alone . Uh what , what are you doing ? Do you have a family ? Uh , yeah . Okay . We 're kind of , I was kind of in the middle of supper , but it 's not a big deal , Oh , I 'm sorry . I just left it . No , 

it 's okay , because see I did n't , see somebody tried to call me last night but I did n't have my number yet , I just got it today . Oh , okay . And so , you know , it 's okay . I , I told them I 'd be available during this time , so , Okay . All right . anyway . So then , uh , have fun doing this . It is not , Okay , thanks . that bad . Bye , bye . Great , Bye . 