Okay , I 'm ready . Okay , 

so we 're going to talk about , uh , what kind of clothes we wear while we work . Uh-huh . Do you work for T I ? No , I work at home . Oh , you do , well , you 're like me then . I stay home also . Do you have children ? Yes , I have two , a seven year old and three and a half year old . Oh , that 's good . How about you ? I have four girls -- Oh . -- they 're nine and five and three and a newborn . Oh , my , you are busy -- Yes , -- and they 're all girls , I have two girls , so , all girls around here . Girls are nice , are n't they ? Yes , uh , really sweet . Anyway , as far as clothing goes , um , my wardrobe changes all the time , depending on my size . That 's how I am too . We go from regular kind of spring clothes -- Uh-huh . -- regular kind of fall clothes -- Uh-huh . -- pregnant clothes , clothes that are in between where you 're not down to regular size yet -- -- or you 're on your way up from regular size -- Oh , that 's funny . -- and they 're all in boxes or bags , and they all rotate all the time -- Yeah . -- kind of the same stuff all the time , though , I -- Yeah . -- do n't , uh , get a whole lot new right now , Yeah , I know that 's kind of how I am . I said , who ever I talk to is going to be board , because when it 's summer time , I 'm wearing shorts , and when it 's cold , I 'm wearing sweat pants , and -- Yeah . -- most of , unless I 'm going to something special that my daughter 's doing , or something like that , 

Yeah , I , I like jeans a lot . Well , that 's , that 's good . I used to wear jeans all the time until after I had kids , and now nothing seems to be comfortable because I bulge in all the wrong places , so . Oh , and it 's , it 's frustrating , I just , I find I have to get the right kinds , though , or it 's not comfortable -- 

Yeah . 

-- they , it , it works best if they have pleats in the front -- Right , yeah . -- and , uh , they have to , my waist is kind of small compared to the hips , so it has to be not the straight up and down levis kind . Yeah , yeah , I know what you mean . Well , But , um , but I , when I was , I was pregnant through the summer this time -- Oh . -- and I wore dresses all the time -- Uh-huh . -- because it was so much cooler -- Right . -- and so much more comfortable -- Uh-huh . -- not to have something binding on your waist -- That 's right . -- but , uh , One of my daughters was born in June , and I remember , I wore sundresses and , you know , just those real cool dresses almost the entire time . Yeah , yeah . And I had one that was born in December , so , um , it was a little bit , because it was a real warm winter -- Uh-huh . -- so even , even into like November and December I was still wearing the short sleeve dresses , course I 'm always hot when I 'm pregnant , too , so -- Yeah , yeah , -- I , I did n't really need warm clothes but I really have been spoiled by sweat pants and these new , uh , units outfits , you know , that are just knit , 

Oh , I have n't tried those , Oh , they are so comfortable . Huh . It 's , it 's just , um , you know , a light weight -- 

Yeah . -- kind of like a sweat suit but made out of that real light polyester stuff , and -- Yeah . -- it 's just great because you can put , you know , you can decorate them up , or dress them up , if you want , or you can just wear them with , you know , tennis shoes if you want . So they 're really nice and I 've enjoyed wearing those -- Uh-huh . -- but I , I do n't know if they expected us to talk about blazers and such here but I sure never wear them . Yeah , well I do n't either , if we , if we had professional jobs where we go into an office and have to wear a jacket or something -- Yeah . -- that would make a big difference . I worked part time when my oldest was a baby -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , I had to wear a dress every day , and -- I 'm watching , Janice , uh-huh . -- and it was a little bit hard to , uh , wind down , I would , I would have to drive six thirty five home and I would be burning up , like in the summer time -- Oh . -- by the time I got home I was like , Oh , I 've got to get out of these clothes . I , I remember that from when I was , I worked way before I was married , even , but offices , they keep them so cold -- Uh-huh . -- in the summer that you ca n't wear regular summer clothes -- Right . -- and be comfortable -- Right . -- you 've got to have something to -- Yeah . -- add to it or something -- Yeah . -- I do n't know if you can , Yeah , and then when you drive home , like especially if you 're in a lot of traffic -- 

You burn up , -- which you are in Dallas , uh-huh -- Yeah . -- because I always hated to run my air conditioner just sitting still all the time -- Yeah . -- I was afraid I 'd make the car overheat . It 's hard on the car . Yeah , so I would roll my windows down , it was still a hundred degrees -- Oh . -- and I would just be sweltering hot by the time I picked my daughter up , and -- Yeah . -- um , I had a friend who used to take shorts to work , and after work she 'd go in the bathroom and change her clothes -- Oh , that 's funny , -- and I thought , that 's probably a good idea -- 

Yeah -- -- because you really -- -- at least something cooler , -- yeah , because you can ruin your good clothes getting so hot in them if you -- That 's true , -- especially if it 's something that has to be dry cleaned , which I do n't have any of . Yeah , I do n't have to worry a whole lot about that . No , when you have children , you do n't , um , even when I go to church I have to have something I can just throw in the washer when I 'm through . That 's right , something that it does n't matter if it gets spit up on , too . I know it . I 've always been a creature of comfort , too -- Me , too . -- if it 's not comfortable , forget it . I know , that 's how I am , too , Wool was never comfortable to me . Right , me neither , I have , 