

Okay , I think we 're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing threat to the United States . Okay . How do you feel about that . I do n't really , I more , I do n't know about the government as much as , uh , the people , uh , I would n't consider to be a threat at all and I really do n't feel much like the Soviet Union itself is a threat anymore . I 'm , I 'm worried about them . They 're in a very , uh , tumultuous state right now with the kinds of , uh , adaptations that they 're attempting to go through , uh . I 'm concerned about them not as a military threat , but as a burden . They 're very large -- Yeah . -- and they can become very quickly a large financial burden , as , as one more stepchild we have to carry around . Yeah , I think that 's , that 's a real important aspect and that , uh , as the , the mo- , the most , the mo- , let 's see , the more that we do , that we do or that we can do to help them become self-sufficient is going to eliminate more of the risk of that becoming , uh , you know , a reality . I know that , uh , this last winter was very hard on , uh , several areas in the , in the , the Ukraine , particularly the coal mining regions of Siberia , uh , the people there have money , that 's not their problem , but there 's no food for them to buy , and it 's , you ca n't eat money . And they have , a , a problem , their , their whole attitude , uh , I , I 'm not sure which crop it was , but they had a crop that rotted in the fields because they could n't get anyone to harvest it . 

Yeah . And the people in the city were saying , well why should I go do that . Make the government do that , that 's not my job . Right , they 've got a lot of adjustments to make with coming out of what they 've been through now , and , uh , they 've been , they 've been under , under the oppression that they 've been under for so long that now they have some freedoms but they do n't know how to act yet . They do n't understand that to make that work , they 've got to take some responsibility for themselves . It 's not just the government 's responsibility anymore . You ca n't just blame it on the government when they give you the freedom to take care of yourself then that puts some responsibility on you as well . Absolutely , and , and I think that they 're having a hard time with the concept of you can not go back . People only go forward and I think that that is giving them , I 'm expecting a call and unfortunately , I think it 's come through . I 've enjoyed talking to you . Okay . Thank you , bye , All right , bye-bye . 