So , the , the topic is hobbies . In your spare time . Yeah . Who has spare time ? Um , I do n't really , do n't really do any handicraft things like that . I used to . I used to do , like salt ornaments and things . Uh-huh . But that was , oh , good many , many years ago and -- Yeah . -- I have , I really , my spare time I usually go do aerobics and read , and that 's , Yeah . about it . Yeah . I understood that . I 'm , you know , I work full time and I have two kids so my spare time usually involves something with the kids . Yeah . You know , hobbies , we , I , I ca n't really say that we have hobbies . It 's more like maybe projects or something on the weekend . You know , we like to go out , Yeah , go out , 

family . Well , well , that 's what I meant by salt that we , we did that like as a family , little ornaments and , Oh . Uh-huh . things like that , and just kind of really got into it . Like during the Christmas season , Right . making them up for other people and things like that . But -- Uh-huh . -- as far as , I 've just never been very skilled at , MUMBLEx . far , you know , needle , Uh-huh . work cloths . And the things I 've tried to do just do n't look very good , and , I , I guess mostly as far as , as crafts go , I 've done , um , some needlepoint . I 've done mostly cross stitching . I used to , uh , do like , um , one that I did for both kids are like , oh , they 're plaques with , you know , different kind of animals and then you have their birth date on them , Yeah . and then you have a little picture of them and you frame them and stuff , Uh-huh . but nothing steady . Just when I get some spare time here and there I 'll work on it , but , you know , it 's nothing that I , It 's not , can really , like you sit and knit every night . No . Not at all . Yeah . I do n't even know how to knit and my mother used to knit , you know , Uh-huh . all the time and , and I do n't even know how to knit , I 'm like , that 's a lost art from this family . Yeah . So , um , but , it 's not a very good topic it feels like , No . if , you know , not when you 're n- , neither one of us are really , I , I have seen things I really like , Uh-huh . you know , that were done , especially like needlepoint . Needlepoint , Yeah . cushions and things . But , it just seems like there 'd be so much time involved in it , Yeah . you know , and , and that the petty point and things like that . It 's like , God , it , it seems like it 's easier just to go out and buy it already made . MUMBLEx I do n't know what , what , is , it 's like there , but here a lot of the country stuff is in , you know , a lot of the woodwork , a lot of , uh , stenciling . Yeah . And , you know , you can go to any , like a flea market and stuff 

and there 's just tons of stuff everywhere and , Yeah . you know , people just do it in their garage and then on weekends they go out and sell it and during the week they go back and do some more . And see , they do that as their job . Whereas , Right . you know , for us it , 

and they make it cheaper for us to buy . Yeah . Definitely . So , but , and , I mean , I 'm sure it must be relaxing to do things like that because I can remember when I used to do , you know , those little salt , those figurines and things . It was , it was relaxing , you know , creative , you felt very creative . Uh-huh . But , it just was so time , time , Yeah . involved , you know , so much time involved and the different steps and things . Uh-huh . 

So , and , Okay . Well , I think , I think we 're okay . I think we did the five minutes , so we do n't have to keep talking about nothing anymore . Yeah . So , Okay . Well , thank you . Okay . I hope you have a good rest of your weekend . 

Thanks . Bye-bye . Okay . Bye-bye . 