What do you think about capital punishment ? Well , I 'm kind of in favor of it for certain crimes . Yeah . Which crimes do you feel that ? Well , I think first degree murder , uh , probably warrants it . Yeah . Because of , so many times it 's so brutal and just recurrent -- Right . -- selling , I think should also . Exactly . Recurrent crimes like serial rapists or serial murderers or -- Yeah . -- whatever . I come from a state that has , well I originally come from the state that has , uh , the death penalty . I come from Florida . Uh-huh . And , uh , they 're pretty liberal on it . They tend to , like , fry people left and right . Yeah that 's , 

which , go ahead . Go ahead . 

Texas is too . Texas , I saw on T V the other night , is the , has had forty-six in like the past several years . Yeah . So they 're pretty hip on it too , I guess . They do it by lethal injection , at Huntsville . Yeah , okay . I think Florida still uses electric chair . Yeah . Uh , I do n't , I do n't know . In some ways I do n't like it because it 's like they 're playing God . Yeah . And that 's not , I do n't think that 's right . But on the other hand , there 's a lot of advantages to it . Yeah . I think crime rates deterred a little bit by using it and , of course , you have some savings in terms of taxpayer money keeping people in jail or not . Um , -- Yeah . -- with Florida that 's a big problem because there 's so many people in jail that they have to let them out every year . They , Yeah . That 's what 's happening here . There is , like , uh , that 's , in fact , a big gubernatorial issue is the -- Uh-huh . -- the turnover rates of , uh , r , uh , repeat offenders being let out and doing it again . 

Sure . And it 's like , you know , that 's a big problem but there 's not a whole lot you can do about it because there 's only so many jails you can build -- 

Uh-huh . -- and it 's really , you know , it 's , it gets to be a r- , a big problem . Yeah . Uh , go ahead . I wish if they were going to do it , they would be a little more consistent in dealing with who gets lethal injection and who does n't . Right . Be a little more , you know , not being able to put it off for fifteen years . Uh-huh . Yeah . Because a lot of these guys , you know , they get in and they , they get off for good behavior and , I do n't know , up in Minnesota where I am now , they do n't have the death penalty . And you can almost sense that people are just laughing at the system , you know . Because they figure well , you know , sure I , I get thirty or forty years for maybe rape or something . Uh , but then for , if I , if I elicit good behavior I 'm out in maybe five or ten . Oh , really ? Oh , sure , you know . Goodness . I mean just because , like we said before , they do n't have enough room in the jails -- Uh-huh . -- uh , you know , there 's a lot of incentive for them to be let out early . Yeah . But if you 've got the death penalty hanging over your head , uh , I do n't know , I think that may solve a lot of that . Yeah . Maybe not solve it , but , I do n't know , maybe MUMBLEx , I , yeah I tend to think the repeal system for the death penalty is a little , little too lenient . Yeah . Uh , kind of takes away from the significance of the death penalty . Uh-huh . What do you do Georgeanne ? I 'm a graduate student at the University of Texas in Dallas . Oh , okay . Great . What program you in ? Uh , audiology . Okay . Fantastic . Uh -- Yeah . What do you do ? -- I 'm a doctoral student at the University of Central Florida . Oh , really . Yeah , I 'm doing an internship up at Honeywell . Oh really ? Uh , yeah . Neat . But , uh , I do n't know . It 's , it 's an interesting issue . There 's , like you say , in Texas there 's been quite a few and , and in Florida in the last few years , I think there 's been a lot . I ca n't , I , you know , I ca n't give you figures but , uh , Yeah . I just , this was in conjunction with the guy that was put in the gas chamber in California . Uh-huh . So , I think it , the forty-sixth in the last twenty-five years I think is what -- Oh , is that right ? -- they gave a run down that Texas -- Okay . -- Texas tends to be a little more robust and disciplined area then . Yeah , I , I kind of , yeah , I 've heard things about that . 

I 've heard that they do n't mess around very much . Yeah . Uh , they , they do n't get repealed as easily as they do . Like the guy in California got thir- , you know , twice before he went to the gas chamber and then they said okay , no , you do n't have to go . And then they took him back . I mean , it just seems , Jeez , that 's a lot of repeals . Yeah , it just seemed a little inconsistent . And then you have like two , you have these people who are serial killers that did n't even get the death sentence back when -- Uh-huh . -- ever you know . Yeah . I do n't know . I , I 'm trying to think about other crimes that would warrant it . Uh , I guess , what is it , what 's the policy now with treason ? Do they , uh , do they axe you for treason or is it a life sentence ? No , I do n't , I do n't think , uh , the military does n't execute anymore so . Yeah . Or death before the firing squad or whatever . Yeah . So , I think about the only one is , uh , rape , 