Well , how do you feel about it ? Well , uh , I do n't have any strong convictions about it , that 's for sure . Um , I know I have n't done any Peace Corps service , and I do n't know anybody in my immediate family that has , or , you know , has ever even thought about it . Do you know , uh , do you know anybody that 's been it ? No , the , the only people I know that have done anything remotely like that are people that have gone to be missionaries , and that 's only because I went to Baylor , and a lot of students from Baylor go and , and serve as missionaries during the summer . But I think , I think that 's a terrible idea . That 's like forcing someone to donate to a charity . Yeah . I mean , and it 's nice to , to try to teach young people some , some , uh , uh , civil , uh , consciousness , but forcing them to , to donate basically their time and efforts , Yeah , it 's definitely up to the person , uh , so , I 'd have to say that , uh , it , you know , the people who do it , well , some feel it 's rewarding . I do n't know , you know , 

but , uh -- You have to , -- I do n't know how we got the subject , MUMBLEx . I do n't either . I have nothing to say about this . I do n't either . I was , I almost hung up , because I thought , well , gosh , I do n't , I do n't really have an opinion except for no , I think that 's dumb . Uh-huh . But , uh , Well , how long you been in San Antonio ? I 've been here for , um , just almost , fiv- , well , no , almost four years . Um , okay . And I lived with Dana in school . Oh , okay . That 's how we know each other . And , uh , you , you were just up there then , huh . Uh-huh , last weekend . We went to Six Flags Saturday . Oh , okay . Had a good old time . Well , that 's good . Well , back to the topic at hand . What other types of community service would they be talking about . I mean , the , the recording mentioned the Peace Corps . Well , it sounded like , I mean , this is like major long term commitment , like a year -- Yeah . -- or six months , or , so you 're looking at the Peace Corps or sabbatical maybe , or , you know , I do n't know , I mean , but , uh , I mean , I 'm all for donating my time to worthy causes , like I do some volunteer work here and there , and every once in a while I 'll do , uh , a , uh , local Big Brother Big Sister thing . Uh-huh . Or I 'll go , you know , do a MUMBLEx . But that , that time is minuscule compared to what , what , Yeah . MUMBLEx they were referring to . Yeah , I could n't possibly commit a year or two of my life to , to go do something . Yeah , yeah , they could n't cover my hourly rate . I could n't afford it . No kidding . But , uh , I have this thing against bugs , too . And seems to me like the Peace Corps , they send you someplace that there 's a lot of bugs MUMBLEx . Yeah , Africa . Yeah , have to live in a shack with no air conditioning and no medicine and no anything . I 'd probably catch a terrible disease and die . Yeah , well . I doubt that , but , you know how it is MUMBLEx . W- , I , I mean , it would , it would have to be tough going somewhere you do n't know the culture , usually , I guess . Yeah . I think that maybe that 's why some people do it is , uh , to see the other cultures or , you know and some of that . Uh-huh . But , uh , to do that , I do n't know , I 'd have to be , I do n't know . Oh , I do n't know either . MUMBLEx Growing up , all I knew was you go to high school , you , you know , you work , you go to college , you get out of college , and you get a good job and you work . And , and none of this , you go spend two years in the Peace Corps to ex- , to broaden your horizons . Uh-huh . Well , you know , uh , I know American Express , I 'm n- , I 'm working at American Express now , and they , after a certain amount of years of service , these employees can take off like six months or something , for some type of sabbatical or some , you know , some , something like that . Uh-huh . And they 're allowed to take that time off and then come back where they left off . Oh . So , it is something that I think , uh , you know , even the larger organizations will support . Uh , it 's , it 's really for the community to give , you know , to , to give back to the community type of thing . MUMBLEx . I do n't know , it 's for , I think , at the same it 's for some people to , you know , help them grow in other areas , Kind of like joining the military . Well , I mean , in that respect a lot of people join the military to , to grow up -- Yeah , m- , -- and to decide what they want to do , and the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as , as that kind of a time . Yeah , maybe a little bit in that perspective , but , uh , and a lot of people have gone in the military , I mean , you know , when they 're in the college . Sometimes it 's to sup- , help support college , you know , Uh-huh . the money . Uh , others , people do n't know what they want to do . But as far as , uh , you know , the Peace Corps . I guess , I suppose there 's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives . But I think a lot of it 's , you know , when the- , people get older , they 'll do something like that . I 'd probably have a different perspective if I actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps . Yeah . But I do n't . I , I , I do n't . and none of my , Did n't mean to cut you off there . Oh , that 's okay . N- , and none of my really close friends in college went off to be missionaries or anything . So I do n't really know anyone first hand that 's , that 's com , committed a chunk of their life to do service work . I , Everybody I know has been , well , I 'm going to go get a goo , good job and make some money and buy a nice car . So . Yeah , or , or try to make a living . Yeah . But , uh , 

yeah , I , I have no , I do n't know anybody that 's done that either . So , I , I , it 's interesting we got this topic because I , I , I do n't know what I marked off to get this , but . I certainly did n't mark off anything to get this one . I , I ca n't imagine , and the switchboard 's been down for several days , 

and the last time I called it before it went down , I had this topic , and I did n't feel like talking about it , so I hung up , and I guess they , they keep you on the same topic until you actually talk to somebody about it . So you had the same one , huh . Yeah . 

Oh , well . Well , you 'll , you 'll get it over with here . I know . 

How many times have you talked ? Oh , probably five or six . Yeah . Not a whole lot . Oh , I 've done maybe four or five . Yeah . Did Dana sign you up for this ? Well , she just sent me the information out . 

I , I got a hold of it , you know , I just sent it back in , and . Yeah , that 's , she stuck my name on some list , so they mailed me the information that I filled out MUMBLEx . What other topics have you had ? Um , I 've talked about camping with someone . 

I 've talked about the weather . 

Great , great . That one was interesting because I talked to a man in , in Washington , D C , and it was hot here , and it was snowing there . So that was pretty interesting . Uh-huh . And I talked to someone about the , uh , the , uh , education system . I forget exactly what the focus was on that one . But that was fairly interesting . And I talked to somebody about credit card usage . Yeah . And I talked to this person who I gathered from speaking to her , that , that she and her family just did n't have much , and they did n't have much credit available to them . Uh-huh . And so she basically did n't use credit cards and did n't know very much about them and how they work , Huh . and , and how you can use them to your advantage , and , and how , you know , you , you can do certain things with them . Yeah , I always , I use everything with my Visa , and I pay it all off . Yeah . So that 's a good deal for me . I get free money for thirty days . Yeah . That 's the way I use them , uh -- 

Yeah . -- I try , I try to make sure I do n't get in debt . So . Yeah , well that 's always a good plan . I ca n't think of anything else that I 've talked about . All that th- , most of the ones on the list , I checked off stuff like football and , and stuff that I can , I , I would enjoy talking about and I have n't gotten a one of them yet when I 've called . I had , uh , let 's see , I 've had fishing , and , uh , I ca n't remember , me and , I think me and Dana had football . Yeah , we did . Oh , how funny . Yeah . 

MUMBLEx So we talked about the Cowboys a little bit . And , I 'm out here in Phoenix , so we talked about Phoe- , Cardinals . Uh-huh . And , so , so that one was all right . And then what else did I have ? I think I had some other , uh , like staying in shape or working out . This other guy , I got this guy from New York , so . I had to talk to someone about hobbies , and the switchboard called me , so I was caught a little off guard , and I could n't think of anything at all . So I started making stuff up . I told this woman that my hobby was gardening , and I ca n't even -- And you 've probably never gardened in your life MUMBLEx . -- I ca n't even grow an ivy . My grandfather gave me a plant once , that told , and he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill , you could freeze it , you could , you could dry it out , no matter what , you could n't kill it . Well , I killed it pretty quick . Yeah , I do n't have too much of a green thumb either . So . I do have one plant here , it 's been hanging out for a while , but I think it 's one of the easiest plants . I ca n't , I do n't know the name of it , but I 'm not too much into ... 