Okay . So , who is your favorite football team ? Guess . I bet you ca n't guess . Well , I would say the Saints after , You got it . since , And I want to tell you something . What 's that ? They 're going to go somewhere pretty shortly . Yeah ? Yeah . I think they are because they 're getting better every year . Yeah . And , uh , they , Ca n't , got a lot , call them the New Orleans Ain'ts any more . I do n't think so . No . We went to the playoffs . Yeah . Yeah . Well , I 'm a , I 'm a Buffalo Bills fan . Yeah , from a , now I like them , too . from a long time ago . So , it 's good to , it 's good to see the Bills doing so well now 

and , They are . They are doing a whole bunch better . Who 's , Yeah . their quarterback ? What 's that ? Who 's their quarterback ? Uh , Jim Kelly . Yeah . Yeah . I like to watch them , too . They 're the , I like to watch almost all the football but , um , of course , I watch every Saints game that I can watch . Uh-huh . But I think they 're going to , I think they 're really going to do good because it seems like they 're finally all coming together . Yeah . If they would just quit blowing it . Well , the , it , the , the N F L draft really seems to be doing its job because , got teams like , like Buffalo who were n't , certainly were n't a powerhouse , uh , ten years ago . Now , they 've been able to get some good players and come around and th- , New Orleans the same story and , uh , a few years ago Denver was a powerhouse and then they , uh , they were n't getting the draft picks and now the , uh , other team , so it seems to be , uh , moving around and , uh , to , to New Orleans ' benefit , Yeah . and , uh , you see how , look at the Cowboys now . Uh-huh . And , uh , Really bad . Yeah . But they got so much bad publicity , too . And I think that hurt a lot of , you know , W- , people even wanting to play on their team . Yeah . 

W- , w- , well , yeah . Uh , firing Tom Landry and hiring Jimmy Johnson what , what kind of , uh , uh , does n't give you much respect for their team at all . Any t- , any team that , tha , where the owner would fire Tom Landry , you know , is like one of the greatest coaches of all time . Right . Right . And just because they had , had a couple of bad seasons . And you ca n't even attribute those bad seasons to bad coaching . Yeah . Yeah . Because all the problems , I mean , if you think about those years that we had the losing season , of how bad , I mean his players were constantly getting kicked off the team because of drugs , because of , Right . uh , you know , messing with young children and , I mean , it was just one thing it seemed like right after the other , Right . And he alway- , with them . 

and , uh , had a lot of trouble with injuries , too . Yeah . You know , he 'd , uh , never seem to be able to keep his guys healthy . And then even like , uh , what is it , Eric Dickerson left , Uh-huh . the team , you know , tha- , you 're right . You know , like people were jumping ship right and left . Right . And , I do n't know , that sounds to me more like the front office problem than coaching problem , but then the team was sold . Yeah . So , But , uh , that Jimmy Johnson came in , too , though , and he just , you know , when he bought the team and all and it just seemed like he just decided , you know , this is the way it 's going to be and it was bad . Yeah . I mean , it really was . To me it was like it 's going to take them quite a while to rebuild because e- , everything , I mean anything that Tom Landry wanted or had , he was going to change it . Right . I mean it 's , tha- , I mean , you know , that 's the way I felt about it . But , Well , I tell you what , if New Orleans ever gets a quarterback -- Yeah . -- is n't nobody going to beat us . There ai n't nobody going to beat us then . Because look how good we did without a quarterback this year . I know . Who was the quarterback ? Well , See , I ca n't even think of who the New Orleans quarterback , They , is . had quite a few quarterbacks if you think about it . Uh , Fourcade was for a while . And then , um , I ca n't remember that guy 's name , the one that held out for the money and he was across the river . Uh , I ca n't think of the , I ca n't think of his name now , but really we did n't have a quarterback . That , Yeah . was the whole problem . We had one guy that could n't throw and we had one guy that could n't run . Huh . And , it was , it was just bedlam . We really did n't have a quarterback . 

It was , uh , defense w , w , won all the games . Did they , were they able to draft anybody this year ? I do n't know because , you know , they gave away a lot of their drafts . Uh-huh . For different people for , Right . you know , other places . So , I do n't know . I had n't heard , you know , whether they have a new one or not . Well , when is the , But , uh , N F L draft has n't , has the N F L draft even gone yet ? Uh-huh . Not yet . But , I mean , I do n't know whether they have one of the first , you know , Right . choices of somebody , Right . that would be real good . Well , they 've , yeah , they 've , I mean , ye- , everybody gets in draft . Sure . But , I do n't know whether they 'll be far enough up where they can do any good . Right . But , uh , Or even making the playoffs so that does n't , does n't help you in the draft . Right . But we , Yeah . really , I mean , really and truly we just do n't have a quarterback , Yeah . 

that 's all there is to it . But , the players and stuff , they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too . Uh-huh . Because we had some , you remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback ? That was a few years ago . Yeah . Well , he was good . But we , every time we 'd get a real good player they 'd treat him bad . Uh-huh . And , of course , we had a different coach then , too . But they 'd treat him bad Uh-huh . Or either they 'd trade him off to somebody else for two of these nobodies . Right . And it was weird . It was like they were trying , if you were good , boy , let 's do n't have you on our team , you know . But , um , this year they had all good players except for the quarterback . Yeah . The quarterback , all of them , every one that they played , I think they played , uh , I ca n't remember whether we played three or four quarterbacks , but all of them were bad . Huh . I mean , they were terrible . They could not pitch . You know , they could n't even take handoffs . It was , Right . terrible . But , uh , Oh , that 's one , all the other places , it 's one thing , I mean , our defense was unbelievable . Yeah . Buffalo 's , Did you get to watch any of their games ? lucky though to have , uh , Jim Kelly than , now he 's the number one rated quarterback in the N F L . I think , Yeah . I 'm pretty sure he was this past season . And , uh , then with , uh , uh , the defense , with Bruce Smi- , Bruce Smith there at linebacker there , they 've got a very well rounded team and it seems that they 've gotten over their bickering and their fighting as they , problems they had in the past and now they 're , uh , really playing as a , good together as a team . Yeah . So , Um . Do you watch it every Sunday ? Uh , when I can . I 'm a , I 'm a musician and , uh , the band I play in , uh , I , 

this is just something on the side and , uh , the band I play in , we tend to rehearse quite a bit on Sundays . So I missed a lot of Sundays during -- Um . -- this , Did you ever get to watch any of the , uh , New Orleans games ? Ac- , I , I 'd have to confess I do n't really scope out the New Orleans games , per se . New Orleans just is n't , is n't one of the areas , I 've lived in so many places . I 've lived in , uh , Denver but I do n't like the Broncos . There 's , Um . no love for the Broncos . But , No . I 've lived in , uh , uh , I was born in Buffalo and I lived in , uh , outside of Boston for five years and then my family lives in Philadelphia now and , uh , so I tend to look for , uh , uh , Teams in your area . and I lived in Detroit , too . So I like , uh , first of all , first and foremost the Bills games I want to see . And then I 'll , uh , normally check out the Eagles or the Patriots and , Patriots were so depressing this last year that -- I know it . -- yeah , that , uh , Yeah . I kind of gave up on them . Yeah . But , uh , first and foremost the Bills . I even wen , I went to , got to go to a Bills game this year , which was fun . 

It was the , the Bills , Eagles game , which appropriately enough -- Oh , -- fortunately , 

that 's neat . the Bills won . Yeah . And it was good weather . Yes . 

We beat Buffalo in , in , uh , was it third of December ? And , Oh , my goodness . it was sunny and forty-five degrees . So , we could n't a done much better than that in Buffalo . No . Because usually it 's snowing . Yeah . Ice and rain and everything . Sure . But , I tell you what , if you get to watch some of these , now I do n't know how it will be this year , you know , but , I mean , these games go right down to the wire . Uh-huh . It was like I was sitting on the edge of my chair , you know , going oh , no , no . And one , uh , I ca n't remember . It was about , uh , it was right close to when we was going to find out if we was going to get to be in the playoffs , Uh-huh . or not . So , we 're watching the game . All right . The other team got the ball and we had like , no , we got the ball back . That 's the way it was . And they had to kick . And , uh , to know whether we were going to win the game or lose a game because they got one point ahead of us . Uh-huh . So we had to sit there , you know , and they cut the show off and shorin , started showing us another football game . We did not get to see the end of the game . 

You talk about people calling in . Oh , my gosh . It was wild . I mean , here everybody is sitting on the edge of their chair , Sure , you know , and then they changed the game . and they changed it and gave us another game in the middle of another , you know , one that was going on . Right . Cut us off right there the last few seconds . 

The station finally , you know how they 'll put the little message down at the bottom . Right . Started telling everybody that they were not the ones that had cut that off , that it was the national , Right . you know , It was the network . Uh-huh . An- , because it was funny . I mean everybody was furious . I was so mad I got up and went and called , you know , I could n't believe that . But , almost every game that I watched it would come right down to the end , we would be ahead , you know , 

but then at the ver , in the fourth quarter they 'd let them get up there either with them or , you know , right ahead of them . 

Right . And it 'd come right down to the end and either we made it or we did n't . Oh , and it was , it was something else . I said this is the most , 

if we had a quarterback this year we would have went to the Super Bowl . Yeah . There 's no question about it , because everybody was playing good together except the quarterbacks . And the quarterbacks just did n't do anything . Yeah . Well , MUMBLEx that 's the , that 's the guy that counts . Yes . But , maybe we , maybe we 'll get your guy . Oh , I , I do n't think Jim Kelly is about to be swayed away from the Bills any time . 