

Okay . Well , uh , I 'll let you start , I guess . Well , uh , yeah , I , I 'm employed by a company that does do , uh , random drug testing and I 've got some very definite , uh , opinions about it . Uh , you know , which have n't changed all that much from my first reactions from , from when they , when they announced it . But , uh , developed a little more , I guess , but have n't changed that much . What about you ? Are you , uh , in , involved at all ? Uh , no . I mean , I 'm not , my employer does not do that . Uh , although , uh , I had an ex-employer that , uh , the previous job I used to have , uh , they , after , I guess a few years after I had started with them they made it a condition of employment that you pass a drug test . Yes . Uh , I , I do n't know . My feeling is that certain jobs that when there 's immediate threat to life and limb , uh , if should somebody be under the influence of drugs , I , I 'd be willing to support that . For example , uh , uh , well , uh , uh , train engineers . Yeah . Because it , you know , uh , like , there was an incident several years ago where an Amtrak engineer MUMBLEx you know -- Right . -- he crashed and killed some people because he was , uh , smoking some marijuana and I guess air traffic controllers . I would n't want them to be on drugs . And airplane pilots . But where it 's not necessary , uh , in that regard , where it 's not an immediate threat to life and limb or property -- Yeah . -- uh , I , I 'd , I would seriously question it . Uh , so . Yeah . Yeah . It , uh , that 's , that 's mine . It , it , you know , I , I go back , it , to me , no matter how much the , th- , our company claims it 's not a constitutional issue . That , because this is , uh , between a company and an employee it is not , it is not a government , it 's not , the Constitution does n't apply . But I , it , it seems to me that it still should . I , I , our company 's doing it because they 're a , uh , government contractor . Uh , and so it 's , it 's required for certain , some form , some form of drug program is required to get the government contracts So it 's the government that 's mandating it to a certain extent ? . Okay . An- , and our company has taken that and gone all the way . Say , okay , uh , first off we do n't , we do n't have enough courage to , uh , pick out the people that , that have some sort of indication of possible drug usage , uh , because that would offend them , uh , if they , if they were n't . So we 'll just accuse everybody of using drugs and , make it all even . Uh , and -- Yeah . -- and , uh -- Well , i- , -- then , uh , but and they , so it 's , a , a complete random testing w- , well it 's random in the sense that you do n't know when . It is not random in the sense that they have said that within three years everyone in the company will be tested . Huh . Uh , and , uh , you know , I , I sit at a terminal and , and write software all day . It , it , uh , certainly has no life threatening , uh , capabilities -- Right . And , -- uh , you know , in , in my job . And , and , uh , yes I , I agree that there are , there are , uh , jobs that are definitely life threatening and , and , and th- , there needs to be a line drawn somewhere at , rea , reasonable and proper . I- , you know , Yeah , 

yeah . I agree . I mean it 's , well there 's also the issue of , uh , o- , o- , out here , I remember hearing a year or so ago , that , uh , a lot of , there was a high error rate in the analysis of drug results . O- , or , I should n't say high -- Well , -- I mean several percent . Yeah . I , that , that I , that I will give credit to , to our , our company for in that , that , I think there 's , there 's a couple of levels of tests in terms of , of , uh , of drugs . And e- , e- , essentially the first thing is t- , is on the order of MUMBLEx paper in the urine and , uh , or some , you know , it 's not quite that simple , but it 's fairly simple . Kind of a coarse kind of test . Coarse kind of test . And then there 's a , a much more , uh , uh , refined test , uh , uh , spectrography or whatever it 's called . The chemo- , -- Is that done , -- chemotography -- Right . -- uh , to determine exactly what the , what the things are . 

And , uh , Now l , let me ask you this . Uh , e- , e- , at the time you hired on with this company , uh , was that prior to any , No , I , I 've been with this company for , uh , for sixteen years now . Okay , 

so that -- And , uh , -- this is obviously not a condition of employment that you subject yourself to this . No . And it , and it , and it has , it has , you know , they did that three or four years before they did it with everybody . And I , uh , at that time I could justify it in terms of someone new coming in , you do n't , you do n't know . But , on the other hand , uh , someone new coming in that knows they 're going to have a test , 