All right . Well , on this subject , I really had n't had to deal with putting someone in there yet , but my mother 's always been administrator of a nursing home -- Uh-huh . 

-- so I 've always been involved , you know , in one . How do you feel about them , I mean , since you 've -- Well , I 've -- kind of been close to that . Well , I can kind of see both sides , you know , 

I really can . Uh , nursing homes to me , I would personally be the last resort -- Uh-huh . -- you know , I rea- , you know if I had to put someone in there . Well , I 've had a touch of experience . My , um , dad had emphysema and got to the point where mother could n't -- Yeah , 

if it 's a have to thing , yeah , I , yeah . -- take care of him and , uh , she put him in , but he was n't there very long before he died -- Uh-huh . -- but , um , I guess , um , the one time that I saw him there , you know , as far as the surroundings , that seemed okay . Uh-huh . But , um , we kind of thought that maybe they just wanted to give him some medication to sort of , you know -- Yeah . -- keep him real out of it all the time -- Yeah . -- and that 's always kind of bothered me . Yeah . Uh-huh . -- that 's like everything else , though . I have a sister-in-law who runs a nursing home , but I 've never actually been there -- 

Uh-huh . -- and I know that she 's the kind of person who would n't allow , you know , a lot of the -- Yeah . -- horror things to take place that you hear about . Yeah , but , But still -- Yeah . -- I 'm sure there are , you know , aspects to it -- Yeah . -- that are n't really desirable . Yeah , I know , I 've always , well , my sister 's involved in one also , and I really think they really do a wonderful job . But still there 's those little things that happens , you know -- Yeah . -- there really is , which I think , it 's a wonderful place , you know , if it comes to that , you know , if you just ca n't take care of them any more . Well , sometimes you do n't have any other alternative -- Uh-huh , that 's it . -- family and friends are usually , well -- Uh-huh . -- family 's tied up with -- Other things . -- their own lives and things , and usually working and -- Yeah , yeah , yeah -- -- it 's hard to , -- but I think when the time comes , I , I hope to have the time to really look around , you know -- Yes . -- and pick one that I really think my mother would be happy at . Uh-huh , I think that 's important , too , in fact -- I do too . 

-- there 's a , Outside 's awful deceiving sometimes -- 

Yes . -- you know . There 's one close to where my mother is , but in order to get in , you have to be able to , um , walk in on your own , in other words , you ca n't be in , you know , too bad a shape -- Yeah . -- to start out with . Yeah . But then if you deteriorate , um , they have a separate section for those who need care -- Ca- , yeah . -- you know , all the time . Yeah . But it 's always , well , and they have a long waiting list , too . So there 's always this feeling of , well , golly gee , you know , you 've got to be able to walk in the door , so you ca n't wait until you 're too bad off -- Off , yeah . -- but then , you do n't want to go do that when you do n't have to -- To , no . -- because like , uh , you have to give up your automobile or whatever . Uh-huh , and everything you worked so hard for all your life -- Yeah -- -- yeah . -- and if you 're still capable of driving and doing those things , then you feel like , well , gee , I 'm , you know , I 'm isolating myself -- Uh-huh . -- here for no reason at the moment . Uh-huh . So it 's kind of a , that 's a hard one , but it is a very nice nursing home . Now there is some really nice ones . There 's also , you know , some private ones , you know -- Uh-huh . -- but of course , I would never be able to afford to put my parents in something like that , you know , 

Yeah , that 's the problem -- that 's way out of my reach . -- the expense of it all is , and , uh , what I , another thing I hate to see is when someone has a small amount of money , and they go into one of these places and they just eat it all up immediately . Oh , yeah . But those who do n't have money can go in and get the same care . Uh-huh -- You know . -- the very same , yeah . So I do n't like that aspect . No , but I , there 's , I think there 's ways around it , though , that , you know , like , they could put it in one of their children 's names or something -- Yeah . -- you know . But still , a lot of them does n't feel comfortable doing that . You know , it 's their money . That 's right . You know , that 's how I feel about it , anyway . Well , yeah , I 've talked to my mother about that several times lately , and I , I said , I want you to have control of your own business . Yes . But , you know , what if . Yeah , my mother 's seventy now , so naturally she 's retired , but she 's still on her own , I mean . Yeah , yeah , my mother 's , uh , seventy-five and still has her own home and everything . I think that 's wonderful , I really do , just as long as they can , and then on the other hand , I 've seen some people go into the nursing home and just so happy -- Yeah . -- you know . That 's true . They have a lot of people around to do things with . Uh-huh , they 're not lonely . Some of those places have wonderful activities and things , you know , lots of stuff going on . Oh , yes , uh-huh . And they 'll take them places -- Yeah . -- so . I do n't know , it 's not all bad -- No . -- but I guess once you get ill , then , you know , you really have some problems if you ca n't get around -- Around , yeah . -- and do things . But I really do n't know what the other solution would be -- No . -- you know , I really do n't . But no , when the time comes I 'm really , hopefully we 'll really look around before I decide on one for my parents -- Uh-huh . -- really do , because I have been raised in one , you know , so there 's lot of things I know to look for . Yeah . And I do n't think they 'd want to go where they used to work , either -- Yeah . -- you know . I really do n't . That might be kind of tough , huh . It really would , yes , 

yes , and like I said , my sister 's still in it , and I really do n't think my mother 'd want to be there , either . Oh . Well , it 's been nice talking to you . Well , you too . And I guess we 'd better get back to work , huh . Okay . All right . Bye-bye . Bye . 