Uh , I get most of my news uh , from newspapers really . I read the daily newspaper , uh , the HOUSTON CHRONICLE 

and sometimes I 'll read like the , uh , WALL STREET or the NEW YORK TIMES . I do n't subscribe to either , but sometimes I get a hold of copies of it . Uh , how about you ? Do you , uh , mostly -- Yes . -- get things from T V or MUMBLEx . I actually get most of my news coverage off uh , computer networks . However , I do also watch television news , uh , usually in the morning once a day and I read the front page of the WALL STREET JOURNAL -- Oh . -- most every day . Oh that 's interesting . You said computer networks . Uh , what , uh , what sort . I am fairly knowledgeable of MUMBLEx . Uh well , well DOW JONES for example have the , cause the -- Uh , okay . That 's interesting . -- uh , news wire and it 's picked up and actually available , uh , at my office , so , it 's , no fee , or subscription either to read at my leisure and it 's sort of by category . For example -- Oh . I- , -- -- so I can read a certain business or topics . 

-- is it , is it the A P news wire or is it something that is , uh , a little bit different from that ? Well , uh , it 's similar to that , but it 's DOW JONES , which is , uh , the WALL STREET JOURNALS news wire . Uh , okay . So , that 's that 's interesting . Okay . Yeah , I 've had , I had access in the past to , uh , uh , the A P news wire and I thought that was that was pretty a pretty good way to get news . Uh , I 've never used the DOW JONES news wire but , uh , yeah it , uh , do you get any , uh , do you read any news magazines or anything like that for sort of like a broader , like more long term analytical sort of approach ? Uh , well actually not . Uh , I do , uh , follow , uh , uh , uh , I do n't know how to how to describe it so I 'll say a religious newspaper which , which talks about issues that are relevant to me in a more broad sense . 

It 's a weekly -- Yeah . -- but , uh , but not , uh , not like BUSINESS WEEK or NEWS WEEK or one of those kinds of things . I 'd like to say that however , uh , that I 'm overwhelmingly disappointed with the media in general except for the raw news wires . In what way ? In like , in sort of like , uh , qual- , uh , quality or sort of an orientation in terms of like , view point or the way the news is presented or whatever ? Uh , I think that it , I think that it has to do with , uh , I personally think , uh , I , I have a problem with their viewpoint and I personally think that , uh , ther- , -- Yeah . Well you wo n't offend me . So go ahead and say . -- that there 's a strong bia- , there 's a strong bias in the media . Yeah . Like a liberal type of bias . Yeah . Absolutely . Uh , after all , who , who writes . People who are journalist who are trained to write and they 're , that 's a liberal , uh , a liberal field -- Yeah . -- at least from academia and , uh , the other thing that I always notice is that whenever they write about something that I 'm an expert in , I find their descriptions to be wrong -- Yeah . Yeah . -- and it , They , they generally make mistake on anything technical at least . That 's right . Well , even if it 's not technical . If it 's , uh , some social thing or whatever . It does n't matter . If I am an expert in it , they usually make mistakes which makes me believe think I 'm not expert in it . They 're telling me lies . Yeah . Yeah . Do you , by mistakes , do you mean just like honest mistakes or do you think they are deliberate sorts of things ? Uh , I think both . Uh , by deliberate I , uh , I mean mistake , mistakes of omission or , uh , or , uh , biased toward a particular view point -- Yeah . Yeah . -- a particular liberal -- Yeah . -- view point that they have . Yeah . So , uh , uh , to give you an example , uh , we will go out of the printing media . I know of cases where , uh , we have one television media where they will show clippings from one event and describe another event but , with the the attempt to give you the impression that what they 're talking about is the same thing they are showing you . 

Huh . Which is sort of like a deliberate bias . 

Huh . That 's disturbing . Which is which is rather disturbing . I mean he does that . I have n't really noticed them doing that , but whatever , again I do n't watch T V news that much now . If I had access to C N N , I would watch T V news more . Uh , I do n't you know , but I do n't usually . Yeah , I do n't have access either . Although , I did at one time and it was , I did during the Gulf War and it was addictive . Yeah . Did you , did you think that C N N , well , the Gulf War coverage would be kind of , uh , an abnormality ? I just wonde , I guess . I would be curious to know what you thought as to how like say C N N T V news compared to the three networks . Uh , you know whether you thought it was more of a biased or whatever but I , I guess you would n't . You probably , if you just watched it during the Gulf War , that probably would n't would n't tell you much . Yeah , well during that small sample , I would think that everyone was just about , just about the same , except the three networks , MUMBLEx radio television programming . Yeah . So , if at a particular time , you wanted to get the latest and greatest news -- Yeah . -- you could do that by , uh , turning on C N N and you , 