Do you want to start ? G , Yeah , I 'm trying to think what I 've seen lately . I me- , we- , well we just finished watching , uh , TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES on tape , you know . Did you watch DANCES WITH WOLVES , did you see the movie ? Yeah , we , we 've seen that , yeah . Did you like it ? Yeah , it was great , have you seen it ? I thought it was very well done . Yeah , I , um , How about GHOST ? We , we saw , an , we liked it 

but , you know , I did n't think it was as good as all the , uh , hype was about it . Right , I feel the same way about that too . It was okay . Yeah , I don- , I , I could n't see it worth getting a nomination for , uh , best picture . No , no . And , uh , wh , let 's see , uh , the most recent ones that I 've seen are those two , GHOST and , uh , DANCES WITH WOLVES , but I rent , uh , uh , videos , do you ? Yeah , 

yeah , and so we just , You , you watch many ? Uh , it depends , um , you know , it depends on wh- , Do you like the classics like , uh , GONE WITH THE WIND and , uh , you know the older movies . I 'd like to see those , I keep , you know , um , you know , there 's like three movies that I , I keep telling myself that I should see one of these , you know , some day that I have n't seen , you know , that , that are classics , you know . Because I 've never seen CITIZEN KANE , Yeah , that was good . and never seen , I 've never seen CASABLANCA and never seen GONE WITH THE WIND . I think I 've seen most of Humphrey Bogart 's movies , but , in , in , you know a long time ago , Uh-huh . and , uh , like the MALTESE FALCON and all those , uh , uh , Oh , I , I def- , we saw part of THE AFRICAN QUEEN on , on T V a couple of years ago , Yeah , that was good , yeah . and I 've , I 've alwa- , I 've been wanting to see all of it but we just , you know , we walk into the video store and we 're like well why do n't we go see this now , so . Yeah , yeah , it 's true . But , um , I think , one of the movies we saw recently , we saw , uh , MISERY . Oh , I did n't see that one . That was good , um , Really . oh , it was great . 

And it , you think , you know , for a Stephen , you know , it because it was by Stephen King it would be really gory but there 's only one , well there 's a couple scenes , at , at the end there 's , there is , you know some blood and everything and there 's one really bad scene where it 's , I mean , there 's not blood but it 's pretty graphic . Yeah . But it 's , um , it 's a really good movie , um . Really , is that the one where , uh , the guy gets captured by that women ? Yeah , yeah , Okay , yeah . he 's a writer and , um , she 's his biggest fan and she 's also , Yeah , right . a little , a little on the nutso side . Uh-huh . Did you see PACIFIC HEIGHTS ? No , we have n't , um , I saw that one , that one was n't that great either . Oh , it was n't ? Well I did n't think so , no . Oka- , I , I got , I heard like mixed reviews , um , of that , we s- , How about SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? That 's , that 's on our list of things to see . I know , I , I wanted to see , I , I was curious if you had seen it and that , uh , N- , our big thing is , um , you know , mo- , movie prices up here I think it 's like six bucks now in the theaters , Yeah . MUMBLEx you know . So it 's like , you know , a lot of things we try to catch like at the dollar theater or matinees and then a lot of other stuff we just wait until it comes out on tape . That 's us too , yeah , yeah true . I know , it 's too bad that they 've gotten so expensive . Ye- , well one movie we saw in the last couple of months that we really enjoyed was , uh , EDWARD SCISSORHANDS . Oh , really . Yeah , have you seen that ? No . Oh , it was great . Really . 

Yeah it was , I thought it was kind of maybe for kids more , than ad- , No , no , it 's , um , it 's an odd film and it 's really interesting that , I like the director a lot , um , a guy named Tim Burton . Uh-huh . Did you ever see the movie BEETLEJUICE ? Uh , part of it , I , Oh , ok- , I never really watched the whole thing . Oh , se- , yeah , well if you , if you liked BEETLEJUICE you 'll probably like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS , if you did n't like BEETLEJUICE you 'll probably wo n't like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS . Oh , really . Yeah , it 's , um , Burton 's kind of , uh , e- , he 's , a very odd , odd man but he 's , I think he 's very interesting and , uh , I liked those two movies of his a lot . 

Uh-huh . He did BATMAN also , which , you know . Yeah , that was pretty good , though , really . It was good , but I mean , he was , um , When you think of what it takes to make some of those kind of movies , you know . Yeah . You see it for , uh , you know a couple of hours or an hour and it really , there 's a lot in it when you look at the scenery and the cars , Oh , yeah , oh . and all the different stuff like that , you know . Yeah . Whose your favorite actress or actor ? Um , do n't really know , I like Costner a lot 

but , uh , Uh-huh . I 'm a big , I 'm a big baseball fan so , you know , after BULL DURHAM and FIELD OF DREAMS , you know , Yeah . Um , although , you know , That was good , I saw that movie too . That was very good . Which one ? FIELD OF DREAMS . Yeah , FIELD OF DREAMS was good , um , and , I , I think , I liked the other movies he 's done . 

NO WAY OUT was really good and , Oh , yeah , yeah . did you ever see SILVERADO ? SILVERADO , uh , who , who was that with ? Um , let 's see . Danny Glover , Scott Glen , Kevin Kline , um , Brian Dennehy , Jeff Goldblum 's in . Uh , John Kreas is in it if you do n't blink . That , the nam- , the , the title sounds familiar , I 'm trying to thi , It was , it was a big western , I mean , I think Roseanne Arquett was in it too , another one that if you blink you 'd miss her . Uh , it was , and I think it was like a three hour movie or two and a half hours , and , and it was one of those ones that could have been four hours if they had n't cut a lot out . Oh , really . Um , but it was , it was really good . Um , I , I might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar although I wo , I would remember , I think in , with him in it . Uh-huh . How about REVENGE , did you see that with him ? No , I did n't , is that any good ? With , uh , Anthony Quinn . 

I thought it was , I like everything he 's done so far . Oh , okay . You know , it 's , uh , one of those movies that it 's not a great movie but it was okay . Yeah , we were in the video store today and somebody was recommending it to somebody . You know the , the people who run the video store was recommending it to somebody else . Yeah it was , it was not a bad movie . Huh , well , I 'll have to catch it one of these days . You sa , you , you said you seen NO WAY OUT ? Yeah , that was excellent . Yeah , that was very good . Um , he was in THE UNTOUCHABLES , too . 

Now that 's another one I wanted to see . Tha- , in fact , that was advertised not too long ago . Yeah , it was on , um , Cable ? no , 

it was on one of the networks , I think last weekend . Okay , I know I saw , yeah , something about it . Uh , or two weeks ago . Yeah , I , um , I wish , I , I mean I 'd seen it when , when , you know , it was originally in the theaters and , um , I saw it , you know , I saw part of it again . Uh-huh . I mean I like , you know , I like Costner , I like Sean Connery , and , uh , there 's this one , there 's this one actor , it 's really silly that I enjoy him a lot 

but I , I 've really enjoyed him in everything I 've seen him in , a guy named Charles Martin Smith . I do n't know him . Um , you 've probably seen him and just , an , you know , oh , that 's who the guy is . Do you remember , did you ever see AMERICAN GRAFFITI ? No , I , I do n't think so . Oh . Did you ever see the movie STAR MAN . Yes . Okay , in STAR MAN , he was the guy chasing after , um , Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen , or Nancy Allen . Okay , okay . You know , w- , short nerdy guy with glasses . Yeah , yeah . He 's , he 's just , I , I do n't know why but he 's always a lot of fun in every movie he 's in . He was in the UNTOUCHABLES . He was the accountant . Oh , oh I know who you mean . Yeah . He was in , uh , uh , HONEY DO N'T SHRINK THE KIDS , was n't he ? No , no , you 're thinking of Rick Moranis . He looks like Rick Moranis but he 's not . Oh , okay , se- , all right , yeah , that 's the one I was thinking of . But I have , I 've seen quite a few movies , I , I enjoy them . I think that , uh , it 's , it 's kind of like , uh , good entertainment . Yeah . An , uh , an escape type of thing . Yeah . How about some of the ads , do you go by the ads when you look at them , or the reviews ? Do they influence you a lot . Uh , a little of , e- , e- , a review usually wo n't make me go see a movie I had n't already wanted to see . Yeah . Did you see GOODFELLAS ? No , it 's o- , uh , I want to see it . That wa , that was pretty good . Um , and , 

Um , we want to see GODFATHER PART THREE also but my , my girlfriend 's seen part one and part two although she saw them years ago , Uh-huh . but I 've never seen either of the first , you know , of the , of the GODFATHER movies 

so , we 're probably going to like rent those some time and then try to see GODFATHER PART THREE somewhere . I was just going to say , th- , you should see those , fi- , uh , first if you can . Yeah . If y- , if you read the book it 's , uh , even better . The book was excellent . Oh , okay , I have n't , Yeah . never read it . and , uh , I was a little disappointed in the third on- , it 's GODFATHER THREE . It was not bad but , I expected more , I think . Uh-huh . We just rented , um , a couple weeks ago , a movie called THE FRESHMAN , with , um , it 's got Matthew Broderick in it and , um , uh , Marlon Brando . And Brando like does a parody of the character he played in THE GODFATHER . Oh , really . Um , yeah , it 's , it 's one of the reasons why , you know THE GODFATHER 's been on our minds lately . Um , but , uh , there 's a bunch of scenes from , uh , uh , from THE GODFATHER that 's used because Matthew Broderick 's going to film school . And , uh , in his classes they 're using , there 's a bun- , they 're running a bunch of scenes from THE GODFATHER 

and then he 's running into Marlon Brando who is playing , you know , this Maf- , you know this , uh , organized crime head . Uh-huh . So , it 's um , it was , it was a fun movie . Uh . 

or , uh , I liked RAINMAN , I thought , I thought it was interesting that he was doing som- , Oh , yeah , that was good , I liked RAINMAN , too . Yeah , well I 'm , being from Baltimore , of course , I 'm a big Barry Levinson fan since , uh , he , he 's , you know , he 's done a bunch of Baltimore movies . Uh-huh . Um , n- , Barry Levinson did , um , DINER and TINMAN , and AVALON which are all set in Baltimore . Yeah , they sound familiar . I probably saw parts of those . You know , a lot of times I 'll wa- , I 'll start watching a movie and I 'm tired and it , Uh-huh . next thing you know , it 's , it 's especially if there 's commercial in it . Ye- , we- , and then the titles might sound familiar but I really do n't know what they 're all about . Ye- , of the three of those , DINER 's probably the best . I mean , they 're , they 're all pretty good , but DINER is really worth seeing . Is that the one set in the fifties , or sixties . Uh , late fifties , yeah . Late fifties , yeah , I think I saw that one . Okay and , uh , How about Meryl Streep , 