Okay , uh . Do you have annual family reunions or , Uh , yeah , uh , our , the my mother 's side of the family is quite large , or well , was quite large at one time , and , uh , they , uh , for as long as I can remember , have had , uh , a yearly reunion , um , back , uh , early on they used to , to rotate them from hou- , from som- , to , to different people 's houses , Uh-huh . in the family . And , All local . Were they like all in Dallas ? Uh , no , no not , no , this was , well , I am actually from Mississippi , 

and , Oh . so that 's , it , it was around there generally . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Uh , that 's where the family -- Just from city to city then MUMBLEx . -- grew . Yeah , and it was not only in Mississippi , in some other places , Uh-huh , uh-huh . as well , so . It was , uh , it was a big deal , but , uh , they tried to , to centralize it in one spot . So , in the past couple of years they had it at a state park every year . Uh-huh , uh-huh . We rent a pavilion and , and do that and that 's usually works out to be pretty good . And , uh , they will rent a pavilion on a weekend , and uh , Do you go back ? I have not gone back lately . In fact , uh , this past Sunday was the , was the reunion , but I did not get to go . Uh , I have , Is it choice or just business or , Not getting to go . Uh-huh . Uh , just , uh , the distance involved and , Uh-huh , uh-huh . uh , just not , I have a younger daughter now and , uh , I , it 's kind of hard to get her , get her there , Uh-huh . and everything . But I am going to , to , uh , hopefully next year get to go back , cause , uh , a lot of the family has not , uh , on her side , my mother 's side , has not seen , you know , my daughter , so . Oh . 

Do you have brothers and sisters ? I have one brother , so . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , is your mother still living ? Yes . Oh , so , so you go back and visit with her anyway . Would you not ? Right , yeah . I mean , either way there was family reunion time , Right , I , I usually see her a , 

or not , couple times a year so that 's no , no big thing . But , uh , I , uh , I do , I do enjoy the reunions . The only problem is that now , uh , originally when we had them , uh , they were mainly my mother 's , Relatives , 

right . uh , father 's . My mother 's father 's family had quite a few , Uh-huh . uh , brothers and sisters . So , it was a large reunion of , of , of that group , uh , from that descendants . Uh-huh . And , uh , a lot of those people have , and at time , you know , they all knew one another . Right , right . And now it has gotten , uh , that , uh , a lot of those people are d- , have , uh , have died off , or , you know , what we are left with is the , the relatives of , of , The next generation , uh-huh . of that group . And so , uh , it 's not quite as close as it used to be . So , I think people feel less of a desire to really go . I know that , Wh , why do you think that it 's less close than it used to be ? Well , I , I just think that , uh , you know , at that ti- , when , when they were a- , you know , the , those were all brothers and sisters a lot and or they were all in the same ar- , geographical location . Uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh . You know , back around , you know , in the twenties and thirties when they were growing up , uh , you know , they were all located together , Right , right . in one small community . Right . And as , as time grew , I mean when time went on the family grew and moved away and so forth . And now when they come together it 's , it 's generally , you know , like say the kids of those people who are not , you know , anywhere near one another and I do not think they feel the , the closeness that they used to be there . 

Uh-huh . Which is a shame but that 's just how it is . My mother was complaining last year about th- , you know , it 's dwindling down every year , you know , that 's just , I think -- Is that just family 's lack of priority , anymore , maybe yes , -- that 's just , we get so involved in our work lives and just , Well , yeah . social lives and so forth . Yeah , that 's , uh , yeah , I think that 's some of it . But , you know , I have , uh , I , I , it 's just the way , you know , I think society is now , is that we are not , we do not have the extensive family we used to . Uh-huh . It 's more of a , you know , a smaller , smaller unit , and you know , we , we tend to try to do things , I think with our immediate family , Right , right . as opposed to the extended family . Of people that we may or may not remember or know , you know , very well . Uh , MUMBLEx It really makes an effort on , to , 

Right , do this anymore . it requires a lot of effort to , to , Right , right . to do that sort of thing . I mean , I , I used to enjoy going , I mean I still do kind of enjoy it , but , uh , it 's , it does not , it 's not as many people there that I really , really enjoy seeing . Right , right . You know , I , it 's going just for the sake of getting together , I think for the family . And , Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that 's in that group ? Uh , On a regular basis , not just Christmas cards . Um , um , no , not really . Tha- , in that , but , then again , uh , well , I , you know , I have some aunts that , uh , I , I , I do . That 's about th- , my mother 's sisters , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you know , but I feel closer to them , because I kind of grew up with them . But , Right . But , uh , as , you know , for the rest of that group , no not really . Uh , you know , and , and generally when I was growing up a lot of those people , the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion , so , uh -- Right , right . -- you do not really feel that that really close to them . Right . In my , my , uh , father 's family , we get together every year at a different location , either Dallas or Oklahoma City . They had chosen Santa Barbara , California for this summer and , and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far , Uh-huh . because most of us live either in the midwest , or like in the Texas , Oklahoma area . And , uh , so they cancelled that one and , uh , are looking next year bringing it back closer , but we have a letter , a family letter , Uh-huh . that circulates , and it usually goes through me twice a year and what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that 's on the bottom and put the , your new letter on the top , and then that 's the way it 's kept in order . And then , about twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion , you do not feel like , I do not know anything about this person . You have , That 's a good idea . read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth . 

So , you are kind of , Right . half way acquainted that way . 

And that , Yeah . that 's been a , that 's been a nice way of keeping us all aware of each other , I think . Right . We tried to start that in my husband 's family . 

His mother 's side decided they were going to have a reunion a couple of years ago , and I said , well let 's start this letter , and it just never MUMBLEx my husband 's sisters started it and sent it to us and that 's as far as it got . I sent it , Yeah . on to the next one , and , and , but we are going in a couple of weeks to the next one , in Scottsdale , Arizona , Uh-huh . for that family . We are real glad we got together because since that , that time there were only like two of the , one sister and one sister-in-law of the original family left . And the sister-in-law died and the sister is in a nursing home , so , we are glad that we took that opportunity two years ago . 