Well , what movies have you seen recently , Valerie ? Let 's see , the last one we saw was THELMA AND LOUISE . 

Oh , we have n't seen that one yet . Well , do n't bother . Oh , it was n't that good . Well , oh , from a woman 's point of view and it was very , uh , chauvinistic as far as women go . Uh , it was , it was entertaining , but , yeah , I do n't think the general audience would , would go for it . The most recent one that , uh , my wife and I have seen was the CITY SLICKER . How was that ? That was excellent . It was -- That is one I 've been dying to see . -- just a really , a really funny movie . 

At the same time , it had a story line about people trying to find themselves . There were parts that were sad . I mean , it just ran the gamut of emotion . Uh-huh , uh-huh , and , And , but it was just enter , all around entertaining . How long did that movie run ? Uh , it 's still on , to the best of my knowledge . But , I mean , time wise , how long , was it -- Oh . -- two hour or , Uh , it 's , I think it 's less than two hours . Uh-huh . Okay , okay . We , we rented one recently that seemed to go on forever . That always seems to happen when you rent them , you know . Yeah , but this one , it was fairly long . I , I 'm guessing probably an hour and forty-five minutes , maybe . Uh-huh , uh-huh , and , uh , it , But excellent acting by Billy Crystal and -- Was it , oh , good . Bruno Kirby , Uh-huh . -- uh , who was the , oh , Jack Palance had an excellent part in there as the old cowboy . Oh , great . So we really enjoyed that . Oh , well , I 'm looking forward to seeing that one . That was next on our list , so , uh , Yeah , I think that , uh , I can highly recommend that movie this , to see . Okay , okay , good deal -- Yeah . -- good deal . Do you rent movies very often , or , Uh , we generally rent a couple a week . Uh , in order to get a decent movie to have on a weekend , you 've got to rent it on Thursday . Right . Right . They get -- That 's exactly right . -- they get taken up at the store , so , Uh-huh , uh-huh . We will rent two or three movies on Thursday and , uh , with luck , you 'll have one or two that are good . Yeah , right , right . Most of them are a coin flip . Oh , gosh . Yeah , yeah . And we usually have , oh , , we do n't get out as much as we like . We have two children , so we occasionally get out to the movies -- Yeah . -- but , uh , it 's , it 's fun , it 's a fun thing to do to get out and -- Yeah , well , -- be entertained for once . Quite frequently , we have our grandchildren on the weekends -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we 'll try to rent something that they can see as well as something else that we can see and , Uh-huh . 

What ages are they ? Have you found -- Uh , -- trouble finding movies for them or , Uh , generally try to stay in the at least P G range . Right . The , uh , the oldest is nine , the youngest is three . He does n't really pay attention . Yeah , yeah . The five year old does n't have the attention span , either . Uh-huh , uh-huh . But the , the nine year old will watch anything that 's on T V . Uh-oh , uh-oh , yeah . So , They have been doing that . We 've been waiting for a , a good movie out this summer for the kids to see . 

The last one they saw was HOME ALONE and , uh , they enjoyed that , but , uh , I missed that one . 

My husband took the kids to see that one so , Yeah , my wife took , uh , I think the kids to see that one , but -- Uh-huh . -- we can generally find something at the store for them to watch . Yeah , yeah , well , that 's a good deal . The , uh , oh , we saw this movie , PRESUMED INNOCENT was the one we rented , uh -- Okay , let me think -- -- last weekend . -- if I have rented that one . Harrison Ford . Harrison Ford and , how does the story line go ? It 's , uh , he is a prosecuting attorney and , uh , another prosecutor in the , a woman prosecutor in there is murdered -- Oh , okay , we have n't seen that one . -- and he 's trying to find it , but , course , it 's one of these with a twist where it looks like he 's the one that wound up killing her so it 's , Uh-huh , uh-huh . And it 's an extremely long movie . It 's , it 's over two hours long . Oh , gosh , 

oh , gosh . Which , uh , my wife enj , she likes the suspense movies . I enjoy -- Uh-huh . -- them to a degree . I think that 's the one I wanted to pick up the other day , and then my husband was n't going to be able to watch it with me , so I thought I better save that one for another day . Save that for another day . Yeah , because I think he 'd like that one . Yeah . You enjoyed that one , then . Yeah , 

I think you , it 's , uh , it 's something I think you would enjoy , yes . Uh-huh , okay , well , that 's a good one to put on the list . It , it 's like most suspense movies , what was it was on T V recently , uh , FATAL ATTRACTION . Uh-huh . 

It 's one that , once you 've seen it once and , uh , the suspense there is not really , you really ca n't see it again -- Right , okay . -- so you know all the story and who did what -- Uh-huh . -- and when it happened , so -- Uh-huh , okay . -- once , once you seen one that 's a suspenseful type movie like that , then it 's , it 's not good for a second watching particularly . Uh-huh , uh-huh . At least I do n't think so . I do n't think too many of them are anymore . It 's , it 's a shame , but , uh , I do n't know , we 've watched WEEKEND AT BERNIE 'S any number of times . I know . It 's just slapstick comedy . Oh , no . Oh . Sit there and laugh , and , my one grandson and I , my wife ca n't understand it , but we like BILL AND TED 'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE -- Oh , gosh . -- which is another funny one . Yeah , we 've heard about that one , 

but we have n't seen that one either 

So , well , it sounds like you and your grandson like the same kinds of movies . Yeah , we like to laugh . Oh , God . I , I have a theory . I like movies for entertainment . I do n't want to -- Right . -- uh , go away depressed -- Right , right . -- from watching a movie . I agree , I agree . Life 's depressing enough . That 's for sure . Well , I 've certainly enjoyed talking with you . Well , you , too , Jim . Okay , bye . Thanks for punching in and , uh -- Have a nice weekend . -- I hope you see a good movie soon . Okay . Okay . Bye . Bye-bye . 