Surprised they get anybody this time of day but , I 've been trying all different times , Uh-huh . but I do n't get anybody at five thirty , do n't get anybody at nine at night so thought , Oh , well , I 'm at , I 'll try MUMBLEx , work and I just happened to walk back into my office . Oh . I 've been gone for a little while . Oh . Well , I go to school so I 'm home certain days , Uh-huh . 

and , uh , I really have n't been making any s- , phone calls , have you ? Got , I do n't , I have n't ever made any . I just receive them . Oh . Have you , have you received many ? I have n't here lately . Yeah . Yeah . It 's , it 's , uh , well , the first time we were on this it came just about every day . Yeah . 

I never had to make one . They just always came . Yeah . Exactly . People must be tired of it or something . W- , well anyway I guess we 're supposed to discuss this , uh , subject , what do you think ? . Well , I never gave it any thought myself . I was hoping you could tell me what you thought . Oh . Well , I do n't have any objection to people doing that . I think it might be good for them . Uh-huh . But as a mother of two daughters I might be afraid of where they were sent . Exactly . I 'm just concerned about their safety mor- , Uh-huh . because if they do good work in America they 'll probably be sent to a ghetto . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And if they were sent to a third world country I could n't help but wait worried , you know . Yeah , 

yeah . That , that would be my main objection . Uh-huh . I do n't know I think maybe it 's , it should stay on a voluntary basis . I do n't think , it will probably never happen but , Yeah . Yeah , I , I think it would be good for , uh , everyone to do something like that but I , I guess I do n't feel like it should be something forced upon you . Yeah , 

well it , it probably wo n't . Uh-huh . I do n't , I do n't even know how we 'd pay for it anyway . We ca n't , uh -- Uh-huh . -- seem to pay for all the little things we have going now . 

Uh-huh . That 's another consideration . Exactly . But , uh , I do n't know som- , some kids are so spoiled nowadays it might be a real eye opener , you know . Really . I mean , sometimes my kids are on the other side of town here and they just see some really tiny modest wood frame homes and then they think , they 're just kind of shocked at that side of town , you know . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . I probably lived in one of those when I was a little girl . I have a girlfriend that every time her son starts taking things for granted she threatens to send him to Mexico with her relatives and let him get a taste of that for a while . Oh . Well that would be an eye opener , would n't it ? Would n't it though ? I mean right next to us is such a pitiful country . Uh-huh , it is . I know . Sometimes I wish we 'd help them out instead of going all across the world , Uh-huh . and helping some countries I never even heard of . Uh-huh . I know it . It seems to me we are , it would be to our benefit to strengthen that country . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Right on our borders . Uh-huh . But , what do I know , right ? . I 'm just sitting at home and , and , uh , doing laundry today and certainly not up , nobody has called me from Washington . Oh , but , uh , anyway , how did you get on this program ? I work at T I . Oh , you do work at T I ? Oh , you 're in Lewisville . Uh-huh . Oh , yeah . I just went by that place . We were going to a football playoff game a week or so ago which we lost and , uh , 

we went by . That 's the first time I 'd seen it . It looked really nice . Yeah . A lot of trees there . It looked like a pretty little , a sight . Hang on a minute . Sure . . No , I do n't think so , Yeah , Patty might . I 'm back . Oh , sure . Di- , But how did you get on it ? Well , my husband works at T I over on Central . Oh . Uh , why we 're living in Arlington I 'm not so sure but , he works over there and tha- , we did it last time . Uh-huh . And , uh , so I 'm , just my daughter and I are registered this time . I do n't know , they did n't even ask him back . Really ? That was weird , was n't it ? Huh . But like I said I hardly ever get any calls this time . Uh-huh . I do n't get too many . And I can never find anybody . Huh . So , um , The first time I used to get calls from far away too . Right . Like Maryland , Uh-huh . and New Jersey , and but now it just seems like it 's in the Dallas Fort Worth area that I get calls from . Yeah , I 've had the same experiences , Uh-huh . all right around here . Uh-huh . Yeah , I do n't know , uh , I wonder if they really , I do n't know if they could possibly teach a machine to recognize all the different accents . There 's just , there 's so many with this one town -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . 

-- you know . E- , even in some families some people talk a little bit different . Oh , yeah . Yeah . My husband is from New Jersey and one of his sisters does things that really sound funny to me and he does n't pronounce them at all that way , and that 's one family , right ? . Of course , I think everybody in New Jersey sounds a little bit funny but , Oh , I agree . You know , how that goes . Oh , shoot . Oh , God . Well , I 'm surprised she has n't told us to cut it off yet . Sometimes she says at night . Yeah . Or , or switc , or overloads so please end your conversation . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Right . Well , do you have any more words of wisdom about the subject ? . No , I sure do n't . You do n't have any kids you want to send over here ? . No , 

no kids . Well , MUMBLEx is . Oh , shoot . Well , uh , I do n't know if mine would want to go live in the ghetto . Well , one of them is real idealistic , she might . My sister is , I 'd be more suited to that than her she 's just bugs , 