I , uh , spent four years as a university professor . Oh -- And , -- really ? Yeah . I , I spent three years , I 'm teaching in public schools and elementary school . Oh , do you really ? Uh-huh . That 's great . I taught in Utah , and , uh , No kidding . Did you -- W- , -- teach in California ? I did . Uh-huh . I did , uh , You sound pretty young for a university professor . Well , I was pretty young . I was , uh , I had never intended to do it and I was , uh , uh , given the opportunity after I 'd started a management consulting firm to teach in , in , uh , uh , one of the business schools in the California State University system . Uh-huh . At any rate , uh , the topic is fascinating because one of the things I 've done for the past few years is , uh , research the problem from the point of view of , uh , uh , what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically . Uh-huh . You may be familiar with cooperative learning . Have you ever , Well you can , you can tell me a little bit more about it because I do n't think we did that in Utah . Well , the cooperative learning is a technique that was tried initially to integrate the public schools . And , uh , what , what it involves , basically , is the use of peer groups and the , uh , teacher becomes a , uh , a sort of a consultant , resource person -- Uh-huh . -- to the cooperative learning , uh , to the learning cooperatives , I guess they 're called . And there are , uh , some fairly sophisticated approaches that are used in the high schools with point systems and things like that so that people , uh , gain a competence with respect to the material . Uh-huh . Uh , I think that the combination of , uh , technology and techniques like that together with marketplace forces will bring about a revolution in the way we learn . Uh , I think there is a direct threat to vested interest in the public school system , uh , that will stand in the way of that progress being a little faster . Uh , school systems are , in too many states , dominated by administrators -- Uh-huh , yeah . -- and , uh , both teachers and parents , uh , complain about the , uh , uh , the cost and ineffectiveness that results . So my feeling is that , uh , the , the problem is , is , uh , significant . There are plenty of good people , uh , available to , uh , offer people educational experience , but that we just have to re , reallocate and reorganize the resources to do it and , uh , I think certain techniques and technologies will influence all of that as well as research , uh , uh , of the sort that people like me do looking at theories of behavior and how they can be used to improve performance , particularly , uh , accelerate the , the pace of learning . Uh-huh . And , my feeling is that , uh , those kinds of things will solve the problem eventually . I do n't know what form it will ultimately take . 

Uh , uh , but , I think that the future is pretty bright because people recognize that we 're paying an enormous price for , uh , inferior quality when the people involved really are n't inferior , so it must be the way we 're managing the process that , uh , Yeah , I see what year saying , yeah , I totally agree . I , I do n't , I do n't think it 's , it 's a matter of , of , uh , talented people to do it , a- , both as , quote , unquote students and as teachers , but clearly what 's happened in this country is the school system 's been asked to assume a great many responsibilities -- Oh , yeah . -- in the past thirty years -- Uh-huh . -- that were n't existent , uh , you must see kids with real significant problems , uh , in some cases . Uh , course , I always see the , I do n't know how hard , how hard is it , uh , in the public school system in Iowa City ? Is it , is it , uh , deteriorated a lot . Do the people say , are they pretty happy with it , or , Well , I , I have n't taught in Iowa , but I 've taught in Utah , and , uh , people there were saying that the way that the schools were going , a lot of people were going away and going to private schools , or else going to home , where they taught their kids at home . 

Right . Or , you know , anything but the public schools and the ones that did have , you know , the kids , Even in Utah . Yeah well , Well , Utah 's a place where you would n't think that problem would be very severe . Well , uh , maybe it was the area I was in , but a lot of schools had a lot of transient , uh , families and a lot of families who were on the poorer side and , Yeah , you , so , you saw a fair number of troubled kids . Yeah , 

I mean , like you said , how they were , the schools are doing more things for the kids , they thought , than they were thirty years ago . I mean , they were , the school I was teaching at , the , the year I left , they were considering providing hot lunch for or -- Yeah . -- hot breakfast for the kids . Yeah . As well as hot lunch and , 