Yes , um , I , I think that Plano has really done a fantastic job . I mean , at least their plans have , are good . Um , how- , however , I was , maybe you saw in the paper this morning that , um , they 've had some problems with , With the plastic . the recycling on plastic , uh-huh . I thought that was most interesting . Well , I just , I thought it was sad that they , it started out as a good program . Yeah . But then people started dumping trash . Yes . and the wrong objects in there , and I , Yeah . and that concerned me , that people were using it as a way to get rid of things they just did n't want to set at the curb or take to the -- That 's right . -- dump , and , Yeah . and , uh , I guess that 's going to happen . I , it 's too bad that people have to ruin , Yeah , a good part thing . a really good effort , that 's right , yeah . But , uh , Well , I was thinking about the other day , um , when I , when Dick and I were , oh , many , many years ago when we were first married and he was in graduate school in Missouri , um , I went , oh , I was probably , this was probably , see , it have been like nineteen sixty-seven or sixty-eight , um , we , I went to a meeting , and , uh , one of the , the speakers at the meeting was a woman who was recycling and , um , Um . 

she was from Saint Louis , and she had this fantastic , um , family effort in , in recycling , and she was dividing her colored glass and her plastics , Oh . and her aluminum , and I thought wow , I mean , how , one person is doing that , you know , but my , my thought was it 's a shame , I mean , it 's wonderful that she 's doing it and it , but would n't it be mu- , much nicer if we all did it , because her effort would have really , um , really , uh , been a good example for all of us . And yet , you know , and we were just sort of talking about it at the time . And here we are , you know , now we 're doing it on a , Doing it . city wide basis in , in communities . So it 's wonderful that we 've come that far , I think but , What did she do with , if , if she , was she like a group that was doing it , Um . or was she doing it on her own , and , I think she was , what did she do with the , I was trying to remember , it seems to me that she was doing it on her own , and living in Saint Louis , there were places where she could actually take her , Uh-huh . uh , things herself , uh , and so it was n't , you know , something that was being picked up or , um , and I think she was encouraging other people to do it if they would . But I remember her saying yes , I have a trash can for this and a trash can for that , and a trash can for the other thing , and I thought wow , that 's , that is wonderful , that somebody MUMBLEx does that . You , you have to really want to do it , though . Yeah . This is , even , even what you recycle , because we , we do the , the , plastics and the , Uh-huh . and the aluminum , Right . and the glass and the paper . Yes . And , um , and , of course , then , you know , you try to buy right too , Sure you do , uh-huh . Um , a lot of our neighbors say , well , what , you have to rinse out this and you have to make sure it 's that , Yeah . and you have to , it 's , uh , we , we had neighbors that complained when we got the new garbage cans . Uh-huh . Is n't that amazing ? And I thought what are you complaining about , Well , you know , 

when you 're only going to get picked up once a month , you know , Yes . or once a week and , People , I do n't know , they find fault in everything , rather than say this is a good effort . Rather than work with it . Yeah . Yeah . I do n't know . It 's , it 's , I under , I know what you 're saying , kind of people like that Well , it 's for everybody 's benefit . Well , sure it is . I mean , it 's , it 's not , so maybe we do n't realize it in our lifetime , but we , you have to think grandchildren , Yep . and great grandchildren and , Yeah , it 's on down the line . what kind of quality of life are you leaving them ? Right . And , and the , and I have a real concern about that . Yes . Yeah , Uh . I agree . When , We 've never had much trash , because wh- , while I was raised in a big family , and , Uh-huh . and Gene 's family was n't big , but they were n't rich , Yeah . and they had to , to recycle . Sure . And , and , you know , the fu- , well , they did n't , they just used things , they did n't , Yeah . throw things away , 

Right . before they were used up and , Yeah . Well , I know , um , I guess I got a good example from my mother , because she was always very , very conscientious about recycling things , and she is to this day , and , you know , I mean , she 'll even , Uh-huh . um , if she , for instance , she , she would take the waxed paper out of a cereal box and use that for , you know , when she made cookies , it would go on that or , Yeah . if she needed to wrap something for , needed , uh , sandwich paper or something , she 'd use that . Right . She just , she recycles everything . And I have done the same thing . I recycle like zip lock bags and , Right . things like that . My kids get the biggest kick out of that . Although , they do the same thing . I mean , they -- Right . -- I think they give me a hard time , but I think they know that that 's , They 've picked up the hab- , it 's the right way . Well , they do , 

and when they actually get out away from the home , Uh-huh . and have to do their own buying of things , Yes , and they appreciate how much it costs to do that . Th- , and then they say , well , hey , you know , mom used to do this and -- Yeah . -- dad used to do that , That 's right . 

But , Well , I do n't know , you know . 

I , I wonder how , how you instill in people the necessity for doing just a little bit extra to , to make this whole thing work . I mean , the extra like washing out bottles and jars , or the extra of actually , uh , making sure that , uh , you take stuff over to , you know , some people are compl , now are complaining because the stuff is n't picked up at the curbside , you know , and I think golly Moses , you just do your part . You know , people are not , 

you , you , you ca n't be waited on all your life and expect things to always ha- , work ou- , out . Right . Well , see , this , this is what concerns me . You , over in Europe they do n't have the kind of waste we do here . No , that 's right . You , you 've got to be in a country , even in , in Mexico , Uh-huh . you do n't see things thrown away , Right . like we do here . Yeah , yeah . I mean , what we throw away is , is a ransom , a king 's , Yes . ransom to most people , Uh-huh . and I , and even to people in our country , Yeah . who scavenge for food and , Yeah , yeah . and , and I , I think you have to get into a period of need , Uh-huh . bef- , you ca n't tell a person that lives in a hundred , two hundred , three hundred thousand dollar house that have all that they need , Uh-huh . and all that they could want -- Uh-huh . -- that they 've got to be careful . No . This is , uh , I , this is why I thought Jimmy Carter was never very po- , very pos- , you know , people did n't like him . Uh-huh . Because he tried to say , Yeah . turn off the lights , Yeah , right , conserve this , do that . do those little things , yeah , And , and , uh , that make a lot of difference , uh-huh . the pe- , I , nobody wanted to hear it . Yeah . Yeah , 

it 's , I , you know , and , It 's , I think you 're right , though . I think that it has to really hit home before , Uh-huh . the message sometimes . Or you have to grow up with it being im , important in your life , Uh-huh . um , oh , oh , um , before the message really takes hold sometimes . And , um , I do n't know , it 's , uh , it 's just really interesting to me how now more aware of things I am than I , even myself , than I used to be , Right . a few years ago . I mean , like I , I 'd go to the , um , to the U T D , um , cafeteria for lunch sometimes -- Uh-huh . -- and they use styrofoam plates , when they would n't , Um . need to use styrofoam plates . Right . You know , and I think to myself that 's , that 's crazy . 

I wonder if , you know , maybe I need to bring that to someone 's attention , you know , Uh-huh , uh-huh . and , and , uh , I 'm seeing more and more of that , and , and I think it 's , uh , just McDonald 's effort to reduce the number of , of styrofoam , uh , boxes that they use , Right . for hamburgers and stuff , I think is a good , good example , you know , that even , Huh . industry is willing to do it . 

I , I think the big question too we 're looking at is , would you be willing to pay more for a product , Yeah . 

so it can be recycled . Well , I think that may , that 's kind of what it 's coming to , I 'm sure . That 's , that 's right and , Yeah . and , uh , do we have to wait until all the landfills , Oh , yeah . are full and there is nowhere else to put our garbage . That 's right , yeah . Or , and I do n't , 

with the mind set of the American public , I think what they will do is start paying Mexico -- Uh-huh . Wow . That does n't , That is n't , that is n't harmful . would n't surprise me . Uh-huh . Or they will go dump it out in the middle of some ocean . Yeah , yeah . That 's the way we solve problems . I know it , and unfortunately . And it 's sad . 