Well , do you own a P C ? No , I do n't , I have one at , uh , the company I work for furnishes , so I can work at home . Oh , wow . And it 's just an old , old compact , that is super slow and , but it does , it does its job , so . What processor does it have in it ? Um , I do n't know , it 's so old . It 's one of , Oh what kind of work do you do on it ? Um , I do , um , television ratings and I process some ratings and put , do graphics for their television stations , Oh , okay . MUMBLEx their clients , so . Yeah . It 's basically just data entry and running , you know , some , some software so it does n't really have to be anything sophisticated , you know . Huh , yeah , I do n't own a P C but I 've , I 've , yeah , I work for T I and , uh , Yeah , my husband does , too , so . Well , I have , uh , pretty , fa , a fairly fancy one , it 's a T I model . It 's an S P one thousand which , has a , it has a fast processor in it , a three eighty-six . Uh-huh . And I , the , the job that I do , I do a lot of training of our customers for new products . Uh-huh . And I have to develop , uh , functional specs and , disk and desk top publishing and everything , so it 's , Uh-huh . it 's kind of fun , Yeah . I mean , I , I always say that I need to buy a computer for the house but I just have n't got around to doing it yet . Oh , yeah , I 'd like to have one for the house , too , but sometimes MUMBLEx my husband , my husband says usually , I work on the computer all day at work , I do n't want to come home and have to work on one , too . Your husband , what , what group is your husband in ? Um , something with the defense . Oh , MUMBLEx ? Huh ? Defense systems and electronics group ? Yeah , something like that , yeah , they 've changed their name so many times I 've lost track , so . I see . Yeah . He works up in Plano . Oh , okay . So . Yeah , I work on , uh , printers and , Uh-huh . the peripheral products division , basically , uh , I work in the airline , ma- , marketing group . Oh . So , we , we do a lot of , I did n't even know they had anything like that . Oh , yeah . Man , there 's so , they 're , I learned so many things that they , they do , they 're into so many different things , so . Yeah , I just kind of , MUMBLEx in for a while , you know , he had a , he had , uh , one of those , what are they , top secret things , Uh-huh . you know , where he could n't talk about what he did , so . Yeah . For a while but then he switched jobs . I do n't understand half the stuff he does and , I have , uh , Is he a programmer ? Uh-huh . I see . Software design engineer , so , as they call it , so . But I have a degree in information management , Uh-huh . which is computer , you know , Right . it 's basically the , more the bus- , business end of it than the programming end of it , you know . Right . So , but I 've been at it for , you know , five years , 

so . Everything 's changed so much I probably could n't even get a job right now . It seems like it 's changed so much , so , you know , they 've made such advances in computers , so . Really . 

So , uh , does your husband ever use , uh , a laptop or a notebook ? Does he bring a little one home with him or , No , huh-uh , sometimes he bri- , he brought home a , uh , a portable one , Uh-huh . but , uh , it , it quit working so he brought it , brought it back and he just has n't brought another one home . But they did give him a new computer at work , so . Oh , I see . Yeah , we , we build , uh , laptop and notebook computers here in Temple also . Oh , uh-huh . And those are really handy , I mean , we , they , they have modems in them , you can send a fax from your P C , Oh , how nice , but they 're , they 're really , no , he does n't have one of those , so . What 's that ? He does n't have one of those . Yeah , they 're , they 're pretty handy because , you know , when I travel , it 's easy to check messages , just , you know , Uh-huh . plug in the phone to your computer and dial in and , Yeah . Well , my husband does n't have to travel , so . Oh , okay . 

Yeah , I just found out I 'm going to Denver Sunday night again . Oh , boy . Well at least you get to , So that kind of reeks havoc with plans , but , it , it 's really not enough to become a big hassle . Uh-huh . Well , that 's good . Some people enjoy the travel but I do n't think I 'd like it , if he traveled a lot . I see . Yeah , I would love to have a computer , they , but they 're so expensive . Well , I do n't know , there , you can get , well , depends on what you consider expensive , I mean , Uh-huh . you can get real high powered stuff now for under two thousand dollars , where , you know , just a few years ago it would have been six , seven , eight , nine thousand dollars . Yeah . You know , I guess it 's not , it 's all , you know , it 's , inexpensive compared to what it used to be but it 's a lot to put into one . Yeah , it 's still , I mean , you know , two thousand dollars is n't just , just pocket change to a lot of people . That 's right . No , it 's not . It 's , it 's not pocket change , so it 's major MUMBLEx . Maybe when the kids get in school that will be , you know , when they start needing something , you know , then that will be different but , Yeah , when I started at , uh , T I , I was a Summer development student , Uh-huh . and finishing up at school and so those papers really , I mean , it was nice having access to the , Oh , yeah . 

equipment to , uh , Yes , I remember that . I had to do some of my husband 's papers because I had access to one but , you know , he , his was more for scientific stuff than for word processing , you know , so , Yeah . I did a lot of his papers . Yeah , they come in real handy , that was a lifesaver . Well , how many different types of packages do you use ? 

At home ? Uh-huh . Um , all I , the packages I , I do n't really use , I MUMBLEx what I use that MUMBLEx outside development that we use most of it 's just stuff that 's been written in house that I use . Oh , okay . Yeah . Golly , I 've got , up , up at work anyway , I use WordPerfect and Lotus and , Yeah , 

I know those two . and MUMBLEx which is , uh , uh , a , a line-draw package . 

Uh-huh , I 've just used WordPerfect and Lotus and , the most . Yeah . You probably use MUMBLEx or something like that , Yeah . for your , uh , data entry stuff that you 're , Yeah . talking about . A lot of the data entry stuff they used , uh , survey system and , and , um , you know , just in-house programs to do what they needed . I work , Do you get , do you work at home all the time or just , Well , no , I worked for this company before I had my first daughter , Uh-huh . and they just wanted me to continue working for them at home doing other things , so . Oh , that , that was , that worked out pretty good then . Yeah , 

it did . You know , I do n't do , I do n't really do n't do basic , a lot of what I used to do , I just do , you know , something really minor but , Uh-huh . it 's something that nobody else wants to do , Yeah . and it 's time consuming . So , So , it keeps you in the company , huh ? That 's right , you know , 

it gives me a paycheck , you know , it 's only like the work 's only , you know , three weeks . Goes for like three to four weeks three times a year , Uh-huh . you know , it 's not something that 's continual because , you know , the television ratings do n't come out , you know , all the time . They only come out four times a year , so but . Yeah . 

Boy I tell you if I could bring a computer home and do stuff here , I 'd get all kinds of stuff done . Oh . Phone 's always ringing and , Uh-huh . people always asking me to do something else . 

Yeah . I 've got a lot of , especially right now , we 've got several new products coming out , and I 've got lots of documentation I need to review and some I need to revise . Uh-huh , will they let you take a computer home to work ? Well , yeah , but , you know , I need to be at the office , too . Oh , uh-huh . You know , I 've just got to deal , with all those other things that happen 

but , Yeah . a P C at the house would really take a lot of the load off . Yeah , I bet . Yeah , my hu- , he took one home when they , when they had it , you know , they had a big deadline coming up and it was looking a little touchy to meet , so . Uh-huh , well , I 've , I 've done that before on , a couple times . Yeah . But that would make it just that much easier instead of bringing home a computer , you just bring home a few floppy disks , you know . Uh-huh , that 's right . I thought that would be , you know , because it 's real nice with this because I do n't even have to go into the office I 've maybe been into the office once in the past three years , you know . Oh , my . They just , um , they just send me everything and pick it up courier or whatever , so , you know . Man that sounds really nice . Yeah . It is real nice , you know , I just deal with them on the telephone , half the people do n't even know who they 're talking to . Uh-huh . But I , you know , worked , I know most of them , well , I ca n't say that , a lot of people changed around there but , most people know who I am , but I do n't know who they are , you know . Uh-huh . A lot of them just know me by name and phone voice . Right . Yeah , I 've got a lot of folks that I 've worked with like that as well . Yeah , you just know them by the telephone , so . But , well , it 's been good talking to you , I think we 've MUMBLEx got the subject . Yeah , we sort of stayed to the topic anyway . 

Yeah , we tried . It 's hard to sometimes . Okay , well , we 'll talk to you later . Okay , well , thanks , bye , bye . Bye . 