All Right . Ladies , first . Oh , no . Well , I do n't find a lot of time to watch T V . 

And a lot of time , I find it during the day when , when I 'm rocking my little girl to sleep , so I watch a lot of reruns , old shows , Like DICK VAN DYKE , all those old crazy shows . Yeah . I really enjoy watching ANDY GRIFFITH . Well , some- , so you 're a homemaker ? Yeah . I guess , that 's , the right term nowadays . Yeah . I guess so . Yeah , I am . I stay home with two kids . Yeah . My wife , we have a new one in the house and she stays home , too , also . Huh-uh . Um , I guess , I have a wide variety . I like watching the T V for things that are interesting , not so much the bor- , things that are n't , for example , like the COSBY SHOW to me is just kind of like a waste of my time , Huh-uh . and DIFFERENT STROKES . But I like SIXTY MINUTES , Huh-uh . PRIME TIME LIVE . Of course , I have to watch cartoons on Saturday morning , but not the NINJA TURTLES . I like the old-timey ones , 

TOM AND JERRY . You sound like my husband . There you go . He likes TOM AND JERRY and , uh , BUGS BUNNY AND ALL HIS FRIENDS . Right . And all those guys . JOHNNIE QUEST . MUMBLEx the good ones . Yeah . Um , now if I 'm ever home during the , during the day on a vacation day , I have to catch at twelve o'clock the ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW , because I usually , because he 's just , he 's one of my idles . Yeah . And then , uh , but I do n't know , it seems like nowadays everything is so electronic , you know , magnified and animated , Huh-uh . that you can grab from the old style movies and old style shows a little bit more insight to family groupings . Huh-uh . And so , uh , now I do , with the COSBY SHOW , I have seen it a couple of times and , I do , I like the show . I just do n't watch it . 

Yeah . Because of the timing , but , uh , some of the crap that 's on T V nowadays , Yeah . it 's about . I do watch the special shows that they come out with , the NOVA stuff . And , and , Yeah . the nature shows . Yeah . Yeah . But , I think there 's enough out there to pick from . I 'm not , we do n't have cable to the point of , of the H B O or any of that stuff . Yeah . Yeah . But , uh , Well , I find myself watching just a whole lot of whatever is geared for children . Because , Huh-uh . with two kids and , you know , I do n't want them watching something that I do n't think they should watch or , Sure . I used to be really hooked on ALL MY CHILDREN , Oh , me . And I watched that for like , oh , ten or fifteen straight years , Oh , no . and then I had , well , you know , I 'd eat like at work , we 'd have a T V or whatever . And then , um , as my kids got older and started , you know , recognizing what was going on , I thought , this is n't really very good . So I gave it up . Fifteen years . Yeah . Bet they hated that . I watched , I had watched it since it started . So , Oh , goodness . Uh , now I , I do n't know who the characters are , and , um , I 'll turn it on every once in awhile and I do n't recognize anybody , 

so I guess that 's a good sign . Yeah . Really . I used to watch , uh , I can recall , this might age me , date me here , uh , I can remember staying home , when I was five and six , Huh-uh . and my mother watching the EDGE OF NIGHT . Oh , yeah . Well , see , you 're probably about the same age as me because my mom watched the SECRET STORM , SECRET STORM . and the EDGE OF NIGHT . Well , I think they were back to back , Huh-uh . and black and white . Huh-uh . I was just a youngster and I was like , oh , my gosh . Yeah , we used to , 

my mother watched all that stuff , too . And AS THE WORLD TURNS . I think AS THE WORLD TURNS may , Still be on . still on or not . It was not too long ago . Yeah . Now they got a lot of other crap involved . And so , 

Yeah . You 're right . I think some of the tones of the , the daily prime time is questionable , Yeah . And that could be , uh , I have to agree with you . Yeah . You know keep them on the channel eleven , channel twenty one . Right . The nature stuff , you know . Yeah . We do , and it 's real interesting , too , the difference in my kids , like um , my oldest loved SESAME STREET , Huh-uh . And those kind of shows . My younger one does n't . She 's more into WALT DISNEY kind , you know , we watch a lot of movies that we 've got on V C , on tapes , Huh-uh . and stuff . She 's more into the animated stuff , where my other daughter liked puppets and that kind of thing so , Huh-uh . But , um , we do a lot of kid watching . Well , sounds like you got your hands full there , and I do appreciate speaking with you . Sure . 

It was fun . Have you gotten your catalog yet ? No , I do n't think so . Yeah . I just spoke with Jim . I just got my in the mail and it inspired me to make more phone calls . Oh , well , see I do n't really . I 've had a few people call me , but , I 've never made one . Oh , really . Yeah . I need to get brave . Yeah . Give them your pen number . Yeah . Yeah . That 's what I need to do . Have a good day . Thanks . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 