Uh , around here we have a program where , uh , we , we put out the , the , we separate the bottles and the cans and the plastic stuff from the newspapers . And we keep the newspapers in a , in a , they 're collected twice a month and the trash and , and this bottled stuff that is put in a , in a little blue bin that 's picked up and sorted out into a truck . So they ma- , actually have about three passes at this collection . One for -- Sounds , -- the regular trash , one for the , uh , uh , you know , the bottles and cans and one for the newspapers . But I gather you do not separate , uh , the bottles and cans . No , they , they do that on the truck . Uh-huh . They separate them as they , as they , you know , dump them . And , you know , one guy comes around with his truck and , and dumps it all in there . And I think they 're , they 're running out of , uh , you know , MUMBLEx . The sanitary landfill , I think , uh , is , you know , running out . Of course , uh , you being from New Mexico , you 've probably been n- , to Washington . Especially if you 're , your present location . Yes . You must have come to Washington at least once . Yes , I know . Not only have I come to Washington but , uh , I find it very amusing that , uh , the thing that was just instituted here is very similar . That is we also have blue bins . We also separate newspapers from all of the other stuff which goes into the bin and gets separated in the truck and , uh , landfill space is , in deed , the driving factor here . And , in fact , uh , despite all of our open space out here , landfill space is still , uh , very hard to come by . My , you 've got a lot a , a lot of nothing out there . A- , You know , they got , I mean there , there 's got to be a crevice between two mountains that nobody gives a doggone about that you could , you could use for landfill . MUMBLEx . 

Ah , but if somebody can make a regulation about it , they will . Well what other , we- , we- , what , uh , what unique things you think , uh , that you can do about it in , in what , in Los Alamos ? Well , uh , Yes , other than nuking it . Um , in fact , Los Alamos , uh , has , uh , done a fair amount of research , uh , in recycling things in general . Um , it , it involves , for instance , uh , creating biological organisms which can remove heavy elements like selenium , and barium and , uh , other things from , uh , waste material in general . And , uh , and purify the waste of specific , uh , uh , nasty elements . Well , is n't that a , that 's a , that 's pretty , uh , upscale , uh , trash , uh , uh , situation . I do n't think anybody around here would understand all the , all those exotic techniques , you know , getting -- And -- -- rid of the heavy metals . 

-- the thing that just was in the local news bulletin was , somebody has , uh , ter- , made some special , uh , polymers that have the ability to , uh , make certain actinide elements adhere to them . Uh , uh , they 've , uh , looked at , uh , plutonium and uranium and , uh , some other similar things to -- Huh . -- try to remove those from radio active waste and , again , this is driven by all of the documentation and , uh , E S and H , uh , uh , considerations that , uh , people are , uh , worrying about , I think , much more than they should . Actually -- We- , -- I 've been involved in recycling for long before it became fashionable . Back when I was in graduate school , I did all of the recycling of the , uh , paper from the computer center and , uh , in fact I think I was the first person in our department to have my thesis published on recyclable pa- , recycled paper . Huh . Well that 's certainly , uh , you know , uh , getting into the swim of things . I , I think it should be , i- , it should go to the , to the heart of the matter though and say , okay guy , you , y- , everybody gets , you know , five pounds of garbage that they can throw away , you know . Uh , but more than that every week , uh , you 've got to pay by the pound . I , I think -- I think that 's a wonderful idea . -- I think people would be , would get very , very , you know , they 'd be very careful about how they bought stuff . The only alternative I would see is , uh , and this would actually be a little more workable since weighing everybody 's garbage would be a real pain . Uh , if you did it by volume rather than by weight -- Uh-huh . -- it would , uh , speak more directly to the space needs and the landfill and it would -- Yeah . -- also cause people to compact their garbage more . Uh-huh . Uh , and , uh , and limiting the volume is probably a little bit closer to the real problem than limiting the weight . Well , of course , that , uh , you know , those big trucks can , can , probably are far more efficient in packing than any kind of little household compactor . 