Do you ever think that there 's a crime that 's just so heinous and so bad that the person who commits this crime just does n't deserve to live anymore ? That 's a good question . Uh , there would be a point , there was a point where I would have said , no , that no one would deserve to die for , for a crime that he committed . But , uh , since I 've become a parent and since I 've seen , uh , things like Jeffrey Dahlmer , I really have to question that . I really , uh , I , I ca n't conceive of someone being that brutal to that many other people . Uh-huh . And , uh , try and figure out what would be a suitable punishment . Uh , Of the statements made by people against the , the death penalty , um , I , I like the statement made by Cuomo . Cuomo I believe is , um , he 's , he 's governor of New York but , uh , he 's , uh , against the death penalty . But , um , he said that he would , he would want to , to seriously hurt or if not kill someone if , if they did something to his wife . And that 's , but , but , even , even in that circumstan- , in that , uh , uh , situation he would b- , he would hope that there would be people around him who would , uh , keep him from doing the , doing the things . Oh , it 's a , uh , it 's a question of your , your gut reactions to something like that versus an intelligent reason response . Right , exactly . 

Uh , a- , and that was the thing that , uh , killed Dukakis back , uh , four years ago when someone asked him a similar question and he , he thought for a second and gave a thoughtful well reasoned reply when , uh , people wanted to see if he was going to go for an emotion -- Uh-huh . -- uh , a gut level reaction . And I think that the people who are strongly in favor of the death penalty are really working from that gut level . Uh , you know , whether it be a biblical force , uh , you know , the eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , a life for a knife , life type logic or just , uh , uh , some sort of anger at putting peop- , putting , uh , murderers up in federal pens for the rest of their life , uh , while we foot the bill . Yeah . I think people are , are working at that from more of a , uh , a gut reaction than a , a reason humane one . See , I do n't think the decisions that are going to be made on dea- , on the death penalty until we decide what our prison system is intended to do . Are they reformatories , where we 're trying to take people who ca n't survive or , or that , that are n't conforming enough to society so that , that we work well together . 

Or are they , is it a penal institution ? Is it , is , is it designed for punishment ? Um , the death penalty surely fits in well with , uh , in a penal situation where you 're trying to punishment . Uh , perhaps not in the manner that we do it but , but it , in , in theory it fits in . In reforma , system , in a reformatory , I mean if you , if you put someone to death you obviously , ca n't reform them . That 's true . So . Uh , th- , the other argument is that the death penalty is a deterrent and I really do n't , uh , agree with that . I do n't think anyone who would commit a , uh , a crime that would get them the death penalty would stop at the moment and say , well , I was about to kill and dismember this person but , oh , if they catch me they 're going to kill me so I better not do it . I , I just , Yeah . do n't think that , uh , that it works that way . I do n't think it 's done . I do n't think we run it as a deterrent . I mean people say that , but , I mean , if it was really a deterrent , I mean I think like horse thieves in the old west , you know , they saw other horse thieves hanging by the necks -- Uh-huh . -- every once in a while . And if we really w- , if it was really seriously going to be a d- , deterrent , I would think that it would be public . I mean I do n't think it would be this private thing because nobody ever , nobody ever sees it . If someone ever , if , you know , like say some young kids or something like that that might be inclined more towards a life of crime , had to sit and watch and , and see a guy burn or , or , you know , something or shot by a firing squad or something like that . I would think you 'd make a bigger impact on their life rather than , you know , telling them that there 's , there 's protestors out here at the , you know . Well , I , I do n't know if that would really work that way or not . Uh , there 's a lot of violence , 