All right , uh , how long have they been recycling there in Virginia ? . Um , actually quite a , a , a while . Um , I 've lived here for six years and , can you hold on just a second ? . Yeah , uh-huh . Hello . Uh-huh . Oh , I 'm sorry I must have got the other line cut off . Uh , so , they 've been doing that it for a while now -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , it , I live in an apartment -- Uh-huh . -- and my ap- , facilities , there it is , hold on . Uh-huh . Hello . . Okay , sorry about that . Yeah , okay , you 're okay , Yeah . okay . Uh , anyhow , they have facilities here in my apartment complex for recycling paper only . Uh , I 've been recycling for maybe about two years now and , at ano- , ano- , another public facility -- Uh-huh . -- where they have , you know , recycling of glass , uh , aluminum and paper . Now , Have you , have you cycled , recycled plastic also ? No , and that 's what I , I do n't understand exactly why they do n't have that option . We , we have out here -- Uh-huh . -- uh , up until just this last year in on you are town there was n't any really good way , they had some bends , Uh-huh . around that we could find and put them in but not all that many , it was n't very well advertised -- Uh-huh . -- but recently , uh , the refuse department has , has , uh , is working on getting a system going where we will actually have , uh , a bend that we put things in for recycling these other things -- Uh-huh . -- so it , it should be good , uh , Uh-huh . I think it 's a marvelous idea when you think of , uh , when I just think of the papers that I dump out -- Uh-huh . -- I mean there just , it 's such a I waste , 

I just hate to think about it . Yeah , now an additional thing is , uh , where I work -- Uh-huh . -- they also have recycling there of , uh , all white paper and of , you know , cans also -- Uh-huh . -- so , I mean , a lot of people , you know , right at the vending machines , Uh-huh . they have receptacles that , you know , Uh-huh . you can just pop your cans in and near the , Uh-huh . Xerox machines they have places , you know , for your , Uh-huh . paper , you know , I keep a little box at my desk , you know , Uh-huh . and I just throw , as I 'm using the white paper , you know , I just throw it right in there , Uh . and then , you know , they have someone that comes around and pick it up , you know , every afternoon -- Yeah , that 's neat . -- which , you know , is an excellent idea , Yeah . at work because I know the amount paper they go through there because , Yeah , that 's right . I guess one of the things , I think , that needs to happen is we need to be better informed about , Uh-huh . about it , there 's needs to be more public , uh , Yeah , I would agree with that . service of , programs or something that would let us know had a happens to it -- Uh-huh . -- and helps us to become enthused about it because of what is happening -- Uh-huh . -- and there 's , Right . I 've seen a few things but not very much , Uh-huh . really and I , I think that 's a shame they need to , uh , do a little more , I 'd like to know , for instance , when I , when they say , uh , plastic , all plastic , what kind of plastic , Exactly . can you put all together or , Uh-huh . is there some reason not to , uh , now maybe they just sort it after they get it and throw out what they ca n't use , I do n't know -- Uh-huh . -- but I , I 'd be glad to organize it , Uh-huh . if that they 'd tell me what it is I 'm doing -- Right . Uh-huh , yeah , I agree with you there , another thing that I like here which is , I do with , I have to actually go to two different recycling areas because one of them is that , uh , their aluminum cans is for , uh , Children 's Hospital , for a burn fund -- Uh-huh . -- so all the monies are donated , you know , Yeah . for the recycling to Children 's Hospital , which I think is an excellent idea , Uh-huh , that 's great . there , you know , because the other , Now that gives , public , you a little bit of incentive there . Right , right , Uh-huh . and before even at work , before they started the recycling plan , which at work they 've only been doing since January first of this year , I had had everyone in my department recycling and , you know , I would have them drop , Saving them for you , uh . right , drop their cans off in my office and then I would haul them , you know , here to this place for the Children 's Hospital Fund -- Uh-huh . -- which got people really going into it , I think that 's , but , right . 

I think , I think helping us be more enthu , enthusiastic about it , Uh-huh . 

helping us maybe , maybe using the money for something special that would be like paying off the national debt . 

Uh-huh . That , there you go . That 's for sure . But I , I think that 's right I think they , there needs to be a little bit more in the area of , of , uh , ad- , advertisement , Uh-huh . and letting , public letting you understand , Uh-huh . more of what it is you 're doing , why you 're doing it , how you 're it 's done and , Right , right . what , what happens to it because I think that 's , that would help a lot . Uh-huh , and I 'm sure , you know , in the near future I would think they would be coming out with more , Yeah . you know , I 've seen a definite trend , you know , towards more recycling , Yeah , I , everywhere , you know , even at McDonald 's , Yeah . you know , with their , their use of no , Yes , I , I 'm glad , foam containers anymore . to see some of these things , I think . Right . I think , I think it is getting more , you know , advertisement . People are becoming more conscience all the time that it 's necessary to do , Right . and that we need to somehow get away from the fact that we have to have everything individually wrapped , Uh-huh . and all these things that , Right . I think that 's true . 

Well , I think , I 'm that 's about my , uh , 

Yeah . some on recycling but I , I enjoyed talking to you . Okay , 

well , I did too . Uh-huh , all right , bye now . Okay . Bye-bye . 