Well , how did you like that topic ? Uh , I do n't know , I 've got mixed feelings about the topic . Do you ? I do n't . 

No . Okay . No , I 'm pretty opinionated about that and many other things as you well know . I agree with it . I think , uh , I think a company should be able to test at , any , any employee any time they see fit . Well , I just , I just do n't think there 's a place in our environment , you know in the work force for drugs , or alcohol either . Well , I do n't believe in drugs or alcohol , but if you 'll remember when the teachers had to take the T CAT -- Right . 

-- they were talking about drug testing us -- Uh-huh . -- and we were laughing that we 'd have to go to that examination to prove we could read and write with a specimen of urine -- Uh-huh . -- and we found it belittling . You did ? Yeah , Uh-huh . Well , I can sort of understand that , uh , but not being a teacher , as you are , you know , I , I was not quite as sympathetic as , you know , as I probably would have been if , if Kay were a teacher or something . That 's true . But , uh , But then , you know , at the same token , I 'm not against because I look at airline pilots -- Uh-huh . -- bus drivers -- Uh-huh . -- you know , people that really have other peoples ' lives in their hands -- 

That 's right . -- truck drivers -- That 's right . -- it 's supposed to be a huge problem with truck drivers using drugs -- Uh , that 's right -- -- and alcohol , -- and I think it is a big problem with them using drugs -- And , -- from what you read , you know , but , uh , You know , in those areas I really , you know , do believe that maybe we should clean up our , you know -- Yeah , I think so -- -- house . -- too , I , I agree with it . Uh , I know Kay 's company , you know , 

they started it couple of years ago , and so many of the people , even the professional people were , boy , they were so against them doing that , you know , and I thought , Jeez , to me it 's quite simple , uh , you either need a job or you do n't . The , the job is what provides all of your needs , and , uh , if they say , Hey , you ca n't do this work , I 'd say , Hey , I agree , I do n't , I wo n't do that . And I think most of them have agreed to that now , although they did n't like it at first . Yeah , I think it 's just like anything else , a new concept , you know , as I said , if I have to go to a testing area with my urine specimen I was insulted , Yeah , it is , I can see where you would think , Yeah , But at the same token , in education we ca n't do drug , random drug testing on kids -- Yeah , that 's true , -- you know , I mean , their rights are protected . You bet . Oh , gosh , they , they would really raise a stink if that was to -- What -- -- happen . -- well , but why , if you 're going to do teachers or professionals , why not do the kids , when we see them and they 're , you know , under the influence . Right , yes , I agree with that . I , I , I would n't be opposed to it at all , it 's just our bleeding heart liberals that would fight it to- , tooth and nail , you know -- That 's true . -- but , uh , well , Lynn , I 've enjoyed talking with you . I do n't know how long we 're supposed to carry on a conversation , do you ? It 's three minutes , and the clicker comes in when it 's time to , Oh , well , we 'd better keep talking because I 've not heard it have we . Yeah . Have you heard it ? No . Anyway , we both sort of agree on it , do n't we -- 

Well -- -- about random testing . -- do we agree , or unless it 's not me . Well , listen , You know , here we go again , I mean -- Yeah , yeah . -- yeah , you know -- If you agree that , uh , -- I believe that truck drivers and people that have , even though teachers have other kids lives in their hands , and if they come in stoned or they come in drunk -- Yeah . 

-- and there was an incident in my children 's high school , where a teacher stayed drunk , Is that right ? Uh-huh . You just do n't think of that happening with teachers -- And he , -- I really do n't , when I think of drug testing , I 'm thinking of the , you know , outside of education . Uh , well , no , you know , we are as susceptible a society -- Sure -- -- as anybody else -- -- sure , I know that , but , uh -- -- and , uh -- -- you do n't think of that first hand , normally . -- Yeah , well , did you hear on the news where the teacher of the year was up for child molestation . Is n't that , is n't that -- It was on the news tonight . -- mind boggling , goodness , it , it is , it 's mind bog , you know , well , you know , I agree with you , I know teachers are just like everybody else , same problems -- Yeah . -- the same , uh , good qualities as anybody else . Then , I think , you know , if if it came , push came to shove , I 'd probably be drug tested -- Yeah , yeah . -- you know , because it does , you know , You , you think the benefit would be greater than the , Yeah , because , you know , as I say , I 'm sitting there fussing and fussing , and yet , I know of , you know , one teacher who was an alcoholic -- Uh-huh . -- in school as well as , you know , I presume out , And that was in your children 's high school , Uh-huh . Is n't that amazing , And , you know , my children brought it to my attention . I never -- If it , if it 's -- -- was there to see it . -- if it was true there , I 'm sure it 's true with just about probably to some degree every school there is -- Uh-huh . -- you know , because they represent a pretty good , And that 's not giving a good example to students . No , certainly not , certainly not , they do n't need that example but , 