

Hi , my name is Donna , and I 'm calling , calling from Plano , Texas . I 'm Jay in Dallas . Oh , okay , um , I , um , find exercise kind of a task , I guess I 'd say . I go to aerobics two days a week , but I also have three kids at home so they keep me pretty busy . That keeps you plenty of exercise MUMBLEx . Yeah , that gives me plenty of exercise , but I enjoy , um , walking outside and bicycling once in a while with the family . Excuse me . That 's fine . And yourself . Well , I , uh , I have , I walked and run ev- , um , almost every morning . I 've sort of stopped here with the weather change , 

but , uh , it 's about a thirty minute exercise every morning . Uh-huh , every morning . Well , my husband swims every day at lunch , which he loves doing -- Oh , that would , that 's fantastic exercise . -- yeah , he does it every day like a ritual . Once in a while or if he has a business meeting or if he , um , someone invites him to lunch , he 'll , he 'll not go , but he goes , um , every , every day , and then he ru , he 's a runner , too . He runs three mornings a week he gets up about five and , and -- Um . -- does his , his deal , and some days he does n't , but then maybe he 'll catch up on the weekend and go for a run . All right . And , um , we MUMBLEx . I 'd rather get a bicycle , but I have an ex- , I had an exercise bike in the house , but did n't seem to use it enough , so somebody sold it in a garage sale , and so , uh -- Oh . -- but I 'd like to get a bike and just do , uh , do biking outside . The , the , the bicycling is nice especially with the weather around here , and I know , um , uh , we , we both of , my husband and I both do it to just keep the pounds off . We 're getting up in age , I guess , in our late thirties so we need to -- Yeah . -- keep exercising just to be able to , uh . It keeps going , because I 'm fifty-five , and it , uh , it just gets worse . You still want to eat , and , uh -- Oh , I know . -- but you just , I think you feel better , too , if you get on some program like that , but , uh . Yeah , I go to this aerobics class two mornings a week , and I take my three year old with me . There 's a nursery there . And it 's kind of another day out for her -- Uh-huh . -- to , um , have little friends , and , um , I , I enjoy the socialization of it , you know , getting to see the same women every -- Right . -- morning , but um , there are some parts during that exercise that I think , I can not do another -- Oh . -- second of this . I know it , it , it , some of it is so tough -- It is . -- and , uh , especially when somebody 's , uh , planning lunch for you and they know what , what 's good for you , I think when we do it ourselves , we take the easy way sometimes . That 's true , that 's true . So . Well . So anyway -- Okay , well . -- thank you for calling . Yes , thank you for participating . All right . Thank you . Bye . Bye-bye . 