favorite type of music or musician or any . I do n't really have a favorite type . I like , uh , a lot of different types of music . Do you ? Yeah , I have a , a tape collection that I like to listen to , uh , cassette tapes -- Uh-huh . -- but it 's pretty varied . Uh-huh . Yeah . How about you ? Oh , I , I 'm very , uh , I 'm very varied as well . I , uh , I do n't think I 've ever met a type of music I do n't like except for , uh , maybe , you know , heavy metal and that . That 's exactly me . The acid rock or the heavy metal . Yeah . Even some of that I like okay -- Yeah . -- but not , mostly , as a general rule , I do n't care for that at all . Yeah . I do n't enjoy rap too much , either . That , that does n't appeal to , uh , my ears . Well , as far as the rap goes , I think there are a few artists that appeal to me -- Uh-huh . -- themselves -- Uh-huh . -- and I like some of their songs . Oh . But as , as I agree , with the general rule , I , I would n't choose rap either . Uh-huh . But I , I like to listen to , uh , what you might call pop , easy listening -- Uh-huh . -- country western , jazz -- Uh-huh . -- uh , classical , um , I , I do n't , I like , uh , like I said , pretty varied , uh , music . Uh-huh . I have a couple that my husband really hates -- Oh . -- that I listen to , like Billy Holiday I really love to listen to her , -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I even have a , a tape of Lady Smith Blackman Bazo -- Oh , gosh . -- and , well , I mean , they 're very harmonic -- Uh-huh -- 

-- they really are . -- uh-huh , yeah , sure . So , they 're interesting to listen to . 

You might try that . How about you ? Well , um , I listen to , uh , specific , most , most likely I would be listen to , uh , jazz or classical music . Um , I , in college I took , uh , four years of classical guitar , and I played in the , in the jazz combo all four years . I play guitar -- Oh , yeah ? -- for the jazz combo . So , uh , that 's where my two , my two listening enjoyments are , but , you know , jazz can get on my nerves after a while . Uh , you ca n't just listen to it , you know , to , uh , especially a lot of the deeper stuff , It 's too , um , uh , you have to concentrate on it , it seems . Yeah , unless , unless you 're playing it , it just , it just does n't do anything . What about the blues or something like that ? Uh , uh , blues are okay . I , I tell you , I do like , um , I grew up on blue grass music . My dad is a big blue grass fan , and so -- Uh-huh . -- um , I would n't have admitted it when I was in high school but , -- -- I really do like it a lot . So . I , I like some of it , um , as far as like the cou- , what they now call country western , it does n't sound like the old country music at all , does it ? No , it does n't , it does n't . Um , some of it sounds more like pop music . Yeah , uh , they 've all got , you know , the real screechy electric guitars now . Oh , n- , yeah , Yeah . If I 'm going to listen to today 's country western , I have tapes of like Randy Travis and Clint Black and -- Uh-huh . -- I even liked Jim Reeves -- Uh-huh . -- you know -- Yeah , I , I , yeah , -- or , uh , what , what Merle Haggard -- Uh-huh . -- and Faron Young -- 

Uh-huh . -- that type of country western is -- Sure . -- what I , I like to listen to . Uh-huh . Uh , Sons of the Pioneers , you know , stuff like that . Uh-huh . Yeah . Um , oh , I like sound tracks a lot . Oh , do you ? Yeah , it seems like you get a lot of original music that way . Yeah , you sure do . 

I mean , you know , think about like the Twin Peaks and stuff like that -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- that 's just real recent -- Yeah . -- things like that I like to listen to . Um , I like instrumental things . Uh-huh . Um , I have some Spiro Gyro tapes . Oh , they 're great are n't they . Oh , they 're wonderful . Yeah . I love them . I have some dulcimer music . I mean , like I said , that , that 's pretty varied . Yeah , it sure is , yeah . Al Jarreau , he 's somebody I like . He 's pretty , kind of jazz inspired but -- Uh-huh . -- but still kind of pop , too . Yeah , I like his , he has a nice smooth voice . Oh , yeah , and , you know , what I like the most about him , is , I 've gone to see him in concert , and he always , he looks like he 's having fun . Yeah , sure . 

I mean , some people sing , and they have their faced all contorted , like it hurts them or something . But he looks like he 's having a good time . I mean , he 's up there moving around and smiling like he 's happy -- Uh-huh . 

-- and , and like all he wants to do is , is make the audience enjoy it , too . Sure . And he , he is real fun to listen to . Uh-huh . Um , Bonnie Rait , I like her a lot . Uh-huh . Um , in fact , whenever she won her big Grammy -- Uh-huh . -- I think it was like five of them or something -- Uh-huh . -- was , was it five , or . Yeah , something like that , it was last , last , last year was n't it . Yeah , last year or the year before , I ca n't remember , but , um , I was listening to a particular radio station and , and the one D J said , who the heck is Bonnie Rait and why does she deserve five Grammies ? 

Well , I vowed then that I was not going to listen to that radio station any more , if that D J can make such a unedu , 