Uh-huh . Okay movies . I have n't seen too many lately . I have kids and we went and saw THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER , Under , Uh-huh . over the , the break . Do , do you have kids you take to movies or , No , no kids . Yeah . It 's a Walt Disney movie and it did n't get as , you know , as good a reviews as like the LITTLE MERMAID , their last one , and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year . But this one was , I thought was excellent . 

The MUMBLEx , Was that the animated version ? Yeah , it 's animated . And I ca n't believe how good they 're getting with their animation now . It 's just , just the special effects , you know . And in this movie , this , there 's this boy and he rescues this , uh , bald eagle and , uh , and it 's a huge eagle , you know , wing span of twenty feet or something like that . And the boy actually rides on his back and he rides through the clouds , you know , and you see him coming out of the clouds , his head coming out and then the bird coming out , and it , you know , they 're flying all over with it . And I mean , I know they , there must have used , been computers or something for animation this day , but it was just so real , realistic and lifelike and good animation . 

It was a good show . Even better than ROGER RABBIT insofar as animation ? Well , ROGER was a composite one . Yeah . There 's one , there 's a movie I 've seen , ROGER RABBIT . That 's not a recent movie , 

but , uh , I enjoyed that show . Yeah , that was made in a few , I do n't know , several years back , I guess . Yeah , yeah . Latest , latest one I 've saw which was a mistake to go see was LIONHEART , had Claude Van Damme . Uh-huh . He was , he 's of course , uh , I guess he 's trained in this , uh , martial arts of some sort , but the plot was bland , the acting was bland . It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to -- Chop them up , huh ? -- yeah , chop them up , exactly . And , 

This is supposed to be the , the guy that 's , uh , replaces Bruce Lee or whatever or , Yeah . or the next Chuck Norris type of guy . Or he 's singular I guess , you know . You know how they can make any of , any single one of them in a movie to be a -- Uh-huh . -- super -- Superstar . -- superstar of any sort , you know , 

Uh-huh . but Chuck Norris , of course , could be just about equal , Uh-huh . if not more or , and all of them , I guess , could be in that fashion , Hum . or category . Uh-huh , uh-huh . It was about , uh , a , MUMBLEx . French Foreign Legion fellow who deserts to go help his brother 's wife who got , who became a widow because he was selling drugs , and he got killed . Really uplifting , huh ? So he deserts and goes to New York and he starts out by fighting to make money , and then he moves on to L A to where that , where she is to just help him out . Uh-huh . It was really , I mean the Hollywood really must think there 's some real dummies out there or something . I do n't know . Yeah , I have n't heard , I had n't heard much about that movie . I , other than it was a chop them up movie . But , uh , well , I guess that 's one I wo n't go see . Well , it was worth the buck I guess . Oh , you went to the dollar movie ? Yeah . Yeah , they show up at the dollar movie right after they get , come out . You know they 're usually not , not that great or did n't do that great anyway . A lot of , Let me see . Let me see another movie I watched . Uh , I want to see , uh , that new one , uh , that won all those Academy Awards this year , DANCES WITH WOLVES . Uh-huh . I have n't seen that . Have you seen that one yet ? Yeah . What , what , what , I , I absorbed all of that movie in one sitting . Uh , I guess what made it so good was the cinema- , cinematography , The , the wide open , the spaces , Yeah , and the music and , uh , well , it had an excellent story line . Everything about it was good . Uh-huh . Um , I thought an excellent one , too , was MISERY with Kathy Bates and James Caan . I 'm not a James Caan fan , but that was a well directed and acted movie . Is that right ? I 'd recommend it . It 's a little on the violent side -- Uh-huh . -- but then what movie is n't anymore . Right , right . Yeah , our movies today , it used to be X and , you know , and P G -s used to be R -s and , seems like the rating system , you know , is kind of switching that way a little bit . Well , I have no objections to it . It 's just , uh , and it 's a matter of your taste , uh , Yeah , yeah . Oh , yeah . It 's just that , yeah , it 's just that the rating system seems , you know , instead of having X now , they have what , N C seventeen ? Yeah . They just changed it because X had a connotation with it , you know , so , And even on those type they do n't show what you expect . Right . A lot of those are really violent type movies . Right . Really gory . Yeah , that seems to be the norm of most movies , but -- Yeah . -- what the hey . This is America . Let me see . One movie I saw , I guess it was a while back , RED OCTOBER . Yeah . Have you seen that one ? Yes , I have . That was pretty good . Yeah , I read the book before so I knew the story line going in , but they changed some things in the movie . It was n't the same . I thought the book was better than the movie , but I thought the movie was really good as well . I always wait for the movie . I do n't have time to read the book . Yeah . I do n't , I read about one or two thick novels like that a year . Uh-huh . You know , that 's about all the time I can , I can spare . But that was a good show I thought , you know . I read about how they did , uh , an article on how they did all the special effects with the submarine . You know , that was n't a real submarine you saw in the water . It was , it was all done in studio with smoke and mirrors and all the Hollywood magic . Yeah . All those underwater scenes . I thought , you know , it looked to me like it was a real submarine , They MUMBLEx , that was in the water , you know . That 's the magic of Hollywood , special effects . Yeah . I hear this movie F X part two coming out is , uh , pretty good . Is that right ? Did you ever see the original one ? I did n't . It was , uh , you ought to rent the , uh , F X part one . It does n't say part one , but it , it 's F slash X . Huh . What 's that about ? A , uh , special effects man who somehow gets involved in this , um , oh , I 'm not sure . I ca n't remember . It 's been a while since I 've seen it . But he , he gets involved in some sort of bad dealings with somebody and he has to go underground , and he uses all of his special effects knowledge in doing what needs to be done . Hm . And , uh , To , to fool people and MUMBLEx , Right , and using makeup and using the -- All the tricks . -- all the props and whatever to get to where he needs to go . Uh-huh . That sounds like an interesting concept . But you need to rent the first one first . To understand what 's going on in the second ? Uh , if , if that is that the second one follows the first . I do n't know if they have the , uh , original actors on that first one to that one . Uh-huh . They 're supposed to be coming out with all these Desert Storm movies , Oh . this summer , too . I expected those . Yeah . I mean , Hollywood , I mean they were doing their dealings with that before they even got over there , I think . Yeah . Well , they had some , in some of those , you know , they , I guess they retitled some movies that were going to be about Lebanese and , and , you know , and , Uh-huh . and Americans and they decide , oh , make it Iraqis and Americans , you know , and they just change the title and , uh , and reshot a few parts , you know , where they , yeah , you know , where they could . I guess they figured we would n't , ca n't tell the difference between an , Actual names , Yeah . will not be used . Right . Eventually I 'm sure they will come out with the , Yeah . the , the proper names . Right . It was such a , it , I guess they , they 'll probably come out with a lot of movies , you know . It was , it was such a rout though , you know . I do n't know , you know , they probably do the story of someone who was shot down early in the war or something and how he survived or , Latest story , or about , or about those two newsmen or whatever that got captured . Uh-huh . Kevin Costner I understand is supposed to be play Schwartzkopf , supposedly . Is that right ? I do n't know . That 's just one of the many rumors that floats around . Yeah . Or what you read . Uh-huh . Well , I think we 've probably , Pretty much used up the tape , I guess . Yeah , yeah , it 's been about five minutes . It 's been nice talking with you . Same . And , uh , we 'll -- Keep on watching those movies , huh ? -- Talk to you on the next go around . Okay . Bye-bye . Adios . 