Okay , so what were you saying ? Do you work with , do you work around children when you work ? No , no , not at all . I work with computers . With computers . Yep , they what , Okay , do you ha , one thing I , but you have friends that have children . I have some friends that have children , uh , not that many actually . Uh-huh . Uh . What is child care like in New York ? What is , I do not really know , excuse me , 

too much about child care in New York . Does the company you work for have , child care on premises for , Excuse me one second . employees ? Huh-uh . No , not at all , in fact my situation is a little bit strange , I was , uh , a student for many years , and then graduated and went and worked in France for awhile . And , I , Oh . have just come back and was doing consulting work . Oh , my . So I am just taking a little bit of time off right now . A sabbatical . Uh , and , and I might , Well I hope you can stay as long as possible with it . Yeah , well hopefully I can do some consulting work at home . And , if I can do that it will , Yeah , Oh yeah , I 'll be able to spend the time with my daughter , and not have to worry too much about child care . But , Right . uh , I might start to go crazy with it too . It is a little , I miss the intellectual stimulation . Right . But at the same time I really , it would break my heart to give her to a stranger right now . And , I think it does when , when they are real little and they are changing every day , Oh , yes . there 's , and you just miss the little things , Yeah . and , and , uh , Well , I think for me , MUMBLEx the important concerns , I do not think I would put her in day care for joint , Uh-huh . situation right now , unless it was like one other child with a , with a person . Uh-huh . I would not want her to be into a , in a large day care situation so young . Uh-huh . Because I think a little infant just does not get the stimulation they need . That 's right . Maybe if I needed to work part time , like four hours a day , I might do that , cause like , you should get enough stimulation from you the rest of the time . But , uh , I just think that , you know , when there 's two year olds running around , the , whoever is taking care of , the care givers are going to pay attention to the two year olds . That 's right . And only when the infant screams , That 's right . are they going to go there , and if not , the infant is going to lay in the crib all day , and maybe have a mobile above it to play with . Right . And , you know , I play with her most of the time she is awake and I think that is so important . Right . Well that , it is important for the bonding that they do it , Yeah . with the mother . Well , such as things for learning gives the child stimulation I think is important . Right . And , uh , Our oldest grandson , when he was eighteen months old went into a , a Montessori , Uh-huh . day care system . And they took infants starting at six weeks , and they have a program , uh , in , that was devised by this montessori person and , uh , and a certain type of stimulations and there 's times of day that even when the child is awake that they , that they lay quietly and look at certain things they keep , deliberately keep the room not real bright . Uh-huh . And , and , uh , they have different things they will , they will put them down on the floor , and of course , they never have more than like five , and , and they will put them down on the floor and they will have on- , I think one of them was a little mirror and some were just different objects that have , had a definite purpose -- Uh-huh . -- for kids , you know , and there 's something about their eyes . Yeah , Uh , well she 's , she 's just been doing all kinds of stuff where she 's , you know MUMBLEx , How old is she ? She 's two months now , nine weeks . Oh , yeah . And she 's just drastically moving her eyes from one side to another and things like that . Uh-huh . And she 's just started that like yesterday or the day before , Uh-huh , uh-huh . and so every days are different . Uh-huh . And I think that , you know , I think child care for infants is much harder than when they are older , and I will probably be going back to work around January , Um . whereas she will be about , A little older . eight or nine months old . And so I think , you know , she will be at a , I have heard it 's a rough age to put them into a , It is because that 's when they are clinging to mama , Yeah . so you might have a real problem with that . I think it , But , but I think it , it hurts the parents to leave when the child is crying , so it , you know , it would be ideal if you could get somebody in so you are not really leaving the child in a strange place . Yeah . We are just going to have , But that 's unusual . to see how things work out . Uh , but I am trying to , you know , leave her a fair amount , even at this young age , with her grandparents , just to , Uh-huh . go to a movie and things like that . So that she is used to other people taking care of her . Is it your parents or your husband 's parents ? My parents , my husband 's parents are in France . So , it 's a little bit harder but during , you know , sh- , sh- , she 's met them already . Oh . Not that she will remember them , but she 's met them . Right , right . That 's nice when , uh , I , my , I have three grandchildren , another one coming in September , and I , it would , if they were where I could not get my hands on them , I am afraid I would probably go crazy . Uh-huh . You know , I , I like that , Are they all nearby ? but if , it you do not have to put them in child care , that 's , that 's an ideal situation for you , is to stay with them as , or you can set up your work program and your husband 's so that one of you is there all the time . Yeah . That 's , that 's wonderful for the child . But , Well , if I work part time that might be doable . Right . And you need to look at , when you , if you do decide to go with child care , you really need to , to look at what your options are and , and look at the , what they offer , drop in at times that are unexpected . Yeah , well , The , right now the situation is so tight at many places , Uh . that it 's even hard to have a choice . Uh . Incredible , but you know , since this is , people before they get pregnant are finding child care for the kids . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , you know , I just find that incredible . And my sister-in-law is going to have a baby very , very soon and she is intending to stay home with the baby . Oh . And , you know , maybe do some free lance type work at home . And so , if I go back to work on a part time basis , I am hoping I can leave my daughter with her . Oh , that would be wonderful . Because , her daughter again will be a couple of months , my daughter will be about six months older than hers . And , Uh-huh , uh-huh . it will be a little rough when she is a very , very little infant , Uh-huh , uh-huh . but like when she is a month or so , my sister-in-law has had lots and lots of experience dealing with baby-sitting for large families . Oh . And so , uh , she might be able to do it a couple of hours a day and we cou , might even be able to do it on a trade off basis . That I watch , Right . their baby when they want to go out to dinner or to movies or whatever , Right . or if she wants an afternoon off . Right . Even if she wants an afternoon just to work . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Uh , and not be bothered , we might be able to exchange that way . Uh-huh . And so we will just have to see how things work out . But I think the whole , you know , ideally I think , uh , business should have the , I do too . day care centers there , whether it 's the parents who take turns watching the kids , or whether they hire a couple of people and , uh , you know , parents come down to supervise or , Really well trained people . whatever . Right , Yeah . and have , have some kind of real good program , Yeah . set up so that you , when you go you can be assured that if there 's an emergency that person in charge knows C P R or first aid or , Oh , yeah . and have some kind of program set up , like you say , to stimulate the kids , or educate them in some manner . And have the , you know , the right toys and the right setting and , uh , have , a , an organized type of program set up so that the kids have a schedule , you know , that 's real important to little kids . Yeah , well she 's , my daughter does not seem to be on a real schedule yet , and it 's probably my fault , because I do not have a real schedule now . Uh-huh . But , They , they adjust to what the parents MUMBLEx . Yeah , well she 's been staying up late at night and , you know , Uh-huh . sleeping late in the mornings and things is just fine by me . We- , you know that works until they start school . Right . And that 's a problem , society is geared to a , a day person and it 's , I have another friend whose brother and his wife have done this , they stay up until all hours of the night . 