And , uh , what part of Virginia , uh ? Uh , I live down in the south western part of Blacksburg . Blacksburg . Okay , I 've been , Uh-huh , have you ever heard of Virginia Tech ? Sounds vaguely familiar . V P I . Yeah , okay . Yeah , okay . I , I had n't been down in that part of the state really . Uh-huh . Okay . Well , we vacation a lot . How about you ? . Quite frequently . 

Uh , I wish we did . Well , we retired early -- Oh , okay . -- so , we 're , we take trips pretty often . Where all you guys go ? Well , we go to Maine every Fall -- Uh-huh . -- then that 's kind of a family visit and a vacation all up and down the coast -- Uh-uh . -- and I have a daughter in Texas and one in New Mexico , so we go out there 

and we go to Florida -- Uh . -- and down , oh , we were just out recently at the outer banks of North Carolina . All these places that I 've never been . Is that right . Where do you go ? Uh -- What type of vacation ? -- well , it really depends , I mean , uh , seems like I do a lot in the Midwest lately , uh , my , uh , fiancee 's family 's from Wisconsin -- Uh-huh . -- and so we 've been out there a couple of times and , uh , I , uh , went to Purdue for a couple of years , so I 've gone up to Indianapolis on occasion to visit friends -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , uh , I 'm a real big baseball fan so I usually try to combine it with , uh , catching a couple of games somewhere . Uh-huh . What club do you follow ? I 'm , uh , I 'm a big Red Sox fan , Red S- , good , but , uh , I , uh , me too . uh , you 're a Red Sox fan too ? Yeah , uh-huh . I usually try to catch whoever 's in town though , I do n't specifically , 

I , you know , go to Cleveland to see them play , Uh-huh . the Indians or the Red Sox , uh , uh , that 's about it , we do n't , I mean , we do a lot of little trips around here , uh , and , uh , Ever go up in Pennsylvania in the mountains or , Not that much . 

We 've gone out to , um , uh , a place in western Pennsylvania called Falling Water . Oh . Uh , have you ever heard of it ? I 've heard of it . I 've never been there . Yeah , it 's , it 's really neat . It 's this house built on , on a waterfall 

and it 's , uh , really cool . Uh-huh . Um , of course , we keep picking crummy weather to go out there , uh , the first time we went out there was , uh , the day after hurricane Hugo had come through . Gee . So , I mean they , they did n't have any power and it was really cold and , and rainy and , uh , we went up about a year later and it was better but not a whole , Uh-huh . lot better . So , uh , where else did we go , uh , we 've gone to Richland , last year -- Oh , did you ? -- and , uh , had a good time , Did you go , down there . to Williamsburg , have you been down there ? Uh , my girlfriend has with her sisters but I have n't been , Uh-huh . down there . Uh , I hear that 's nice . We 're going to get down , probably down Norfork sometime this Summer , Uh-huh . just to see why , catch a football game actually . We were down , well , when we came back from the outer banks we came up due Norfork and spent the night there with a friend in Portsmith and then went to Williamsburg and spent a night . Uh , spend a day and a lot of money . Yeah . Yeah , I 've heard , uh , I 'm not real interested in Williamsburg because of the , of the price attached , Yeah . to it . We just , we , I , But it 's a pretty neat down to just go and walk around , if you like to walk , it 's a good town to just , Uh . walk in . Uh , yeah , we 'll , You can go , do that . to the buildings and not go in if you 're not , Oh , okay , so I can wander around without , Yeah , you can wander , it 's a good town to wander in . Oh , okay , I just have it pay somebody to get into the buildings ? That 's right . Oh , okay , I did n't know that . Yeah , I think , uh , they do the whole with , you know , paying , Yeah . they really did throw away a lot of money to get , getting one thing or another , Yeah . but they had a good time so . We really did n't do that really this time , we just , uh , visited around . Uh , uh , We 've done it a couple of times and that 's enough for , uh , probably another twenty years . Yeah , I was , uh , we use it live in California and , uh , my , um , up , up around San Francisco , and , uh , there was one year when my father was , uh , my father 's company was starting to do stuff down in Los Angeles , so , my father was working down in Los Angeles for like , uh , six months or so , uh , actually I think it was closer , I think to a full year and , you know , we 'd , he 'd fly down there on Mondays and fly back on Fridays , well , any time we had a school vacation or something like that we went down to Los Angeles , so I saw , I went to Disneyland about five times , Oh . in one year and I really have no great urge to go back now . That 's great as a kid though , is n't it , I mean , Oh , it was great , because , uh , well , the times that were really fun were when , uh , we had vacation but the kids in Los Angeles did n't -- Uh-huh . -- so we basically had one of the parks . Right . Uh , Disneyland , I mean there 's still a lot of people at Disneyland , but there was another , um , another amusement park down there , Busch Gradens , uh , there was nobody there when we were there , we got , we won a log floating ride like five straight times , we just get , get done with them and they go , oh , do you want to go again , sure . Have you ever , you 've never been down to Epcot at Florida and Disney -- No , I 'd like to , -- that 's good , sometime but , we , we really enjoy that , we 've been two or three times and probably go back again this winter . Yeah , I 've never been , the fartherest south I 've been on the East Coast is Charlotte . Oh . So , I , um , keep wanting to get further , you know , I thought I would go to Florida a couple Summers , Uh-huh . ago but never did it . Charleston is a really nice place to visit . My , uh , my sister lives in Charlotte and they 've gone to , Uh-huh . Charleston a couple of times and had a real good , Yeah , time . it 's a real pretty place . Uh , yeah , one of these days we 'll get down there , although . I do n't know when we 're going to have vacation to do it . We 're , uh , we 're getting married in about , Oh , are you . a year and , Yeah . our honeymoon , we 're going up to this , um , uh , place in Wisconsin called Door County , it 's up by Green Bay . It 's a place my girlfriend 's also wanted , Uh-huh . to go , and , uh , Is it on , uh , one of the lakes ? It 's , um , uh , I do n't if you 've ever seen a map of Wisconsin but there 's kind of like a little , a little thing sticking out , uh , in the Lake Michigan , Uh-huh . that 's Door County . Oh , okay , yeah , that would , So , be really nice . Yeah , they call it the Cape Cod of the , uh , Oh . the Midwest so , uh , we 're thinking that 'll be a lot of fun , Uh-huh . she , uh , she had this , uh , book of pictures from it that were really nice , kind of like a travel guide -- Uh-huh , sounds good . -- so , uh , that should be a lot of fun . Well , I do n't know what our next trip will be , I guess our next , well , I know what my next trip , I 'm going to be a grandmother in July . Oh . The first , the first one , Oh , boy . so my next trip is going to be to Texas . Oh , that 'll be fun . Yeah , in the middle , in the middle of the Summer . Well , yeah , you wo n't even , notice it though . Well , they 'll be air-conditioning anyway so . Is that , is that how you got into this , uh , this , Yeah , you know , uh , data base ? my daughter 's a temp at Texas Instruments , Oh , okay . and working on this project . Yeah , I was , I was just , I mean most of the people I 've talk to are from , are from Texas , Uh-huh . so , when I , you know , when I heard you were from Virginia I was like , oh , okay , there 's somebody different , and you said , oh , I got somebody down in Texas , I go , okay , that the connection , That 's it , yeah . right there . I talked to one in California , I never asked him the other day how he was connected , I do n't think he was T I employee . Uh , I , uh , most people talk to Texas , there 's been a couple of other the people , uh , most of whom are like me that work in , in speech labs that are going to use data base , Oh , I see . eventually . So , uh , it was fun I , actually yesterday , I ended up talking to somebody else from the same lab I 'm in . Is that right . Well , we spent last week end in Charlotte with real good friends that had just , Oh . moved to back East from Oklahoma , Uh-huh . and she 's , uh , working on this project too , I mean she 's talking on the project too -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we got back Monday and I got a call yesterday and it was her , on T I Network . Uh , that 's neat . I have n't , uh , I have n't had something like that happen , just , uh , just getting the one guy , Uh-huh . from the lab . Uh , you 're sure have a nice town , uh , my , uh , sister lives on Lake , Oh , does , Norman , just , she , that 's nice out there . Yeah , uh , we keep wanting to get down there and visit them over the Summer and it 's , Uh-huh , never really works out . yeah , it 's real pretty . Yeah . Well . Traffic , not much else we do for vacation really , uh , just so we do n't , have n't been able to take really . Are you a golfer ? No . No . Me either . No . Are you guys , No , uh-huh , golfers or , uh , no , uh-huh , nope , not too much into sports . Except our outside MUMBLEx , though . Just walking that 's all . Oh , I do n't think there are any , traveling that was in my early teens down in that area and I 'm know real sure there are , um , No professionals . When , uh , I was thinking I might be minor league but , Oh , there 's one in Salem , Salem Rebels . Yeah . Salem Rebels , Buccaneers . Buccaneers . Oh , okay . Yeah , um , yeah , I may be seeing them , um , in a town just west of here , Frederick has a , uh , has a minor league team that plays in the same league with Salem and , uh , I think we may be seeing them this , Oh , weekend . is that right up there in Frederick ? Yeah , I think they 're out of town . Uh-huh . Yeah . Uh , that 's a nice little town actually , Frederick , uh , I 've never been up there . I 've never visited Baltimore . I 'd like to go just sight see a little bit sometime . Oh , there 's , there 's some nice things in Baltimore , you know , the Inner Harbor and the , uh , Uh-huh . the Aquarium and all that are very nice . Uh , they 've just done a , uh , you known , I , you know , the Aquarium is one of those things that , you know , because everybody , 