Okay , so , what are , what are your views on capital punishment ? I have ambivalent feelings because I do n't think it serves as a kind of deterrent we would like to think it is . But , on the other hand , it is very , very expensive to maintain , 

you know , Texas has one of the biggest criminal justice systems in the country . Yes . And it 's eating us alive budget wise and , uh , So are they currently practicing capital punishment -- Yes , we -- -- in your state ? -- do practice capital punishment , but the nature of the , uh , courts and the appeals and the stays and all that means that it 's a very long haul before anybody 's ever executed . Yes , that 's similar to Georgia . Yeah . And then , I was reading in the paper just this morning , it 's interesting because I had forgotten , I guess , that I wrote this little topic down , that it costs more to execute somebody th- , than it does to keep them . That 's probably true considering , 

Because of all the costs of the appeals and all that -- Yes . -- you know . Yes , uh , I guess in a way that , it , it kind of defeats the purpose of having capital punishment if , Well , I think capital punishment is supposed to be primarily a deterrent to other people . Yes . You know , who would see it . Right , that would be the intent of it . Yeah , 

but I 'm not sure how successful that is . Well , I think it would be more successful if it was applied in a more expedient manner , if there were n't so many -- Quicker -- -- appeals . -- maybe , yeah . Yeah , if , if the person who 's going to commit the crime -- Uh-huh . -- knew that they were going to be punished severely , possibly capital punishment , What , what kind of work do you do ? Uh , I 'm a research engineer , 

I work , uh , f- , with Georgia Tech . Um , well , see , I 'm a school principal . Um . Elementary school . Yes . And in a very poor section of town with p- , predominantly Anglo kids . And I see kids already that are going to be criminals -- Um . -- in spite of everything we can do and , see , I 'm afraid I think if we would take the equivalent amount of money and invest it in young people , that , I mean , course , you could n't do that because you got to do something with the ones that are already there -- Uh-huh . -- but I think we would make a bigger investment in kids , 

we 'd have fewer decisions to make . Um , that 's probably true , but I guess -- Down the road , you know . -- there 's other factors that , Oh , yeah . But , p , p , pumping more money into the school system is a -- Well -- -- good thing , 

but it 's not going to , -- I 'm not talking about just in the school system . Oh , I see . See , I 'm talking about , like , in , in , uh , I 'm afraid I think that there are kids who just ought to be taken out of their homes and reared . Uh , I know the institutions do n't work that well , but it 's a bad day because I get all these kids through my office . 

I have a school of five hundred and thirty-seven kids . Uh-huh . Five hundred of them are good , solid kids and I have the same thirty-seven in my office every day . Um . And a lot of their parents are totally irresponsible . Some of them in the penal system . So that 's a difficult situation . And , you know , you just see those kids going down the road . Now , not all of them will commit offenses that have to do with capital punishment , 

but some of them have already been in youth centers . Um . And that kind of thing , and if we had something to do before they get to be full-blown adult criminals , and I 'm not talking about necessarily in the school system , I 'm not sure that the school system should be the agent of all the social action . Uh-huh . I think that 's one reason we have problems in schools , uh , and some of them are our problems , 

but a lot of it 's because everything society wants , we are supposed to do . Uh-huh . But that 's another subject but , Well , that 's probably true . W- , Anyway , I dealt with two or three kids today that are going to end up where somebody has , making a decision what to do with them . Um , yeah , I guess that 's not an easy solution . There 's , there 's no easy -- Uh-huh . -- solution for that . I do n't , I do n't know that there is an easy solution , but if you could find a way to prevent some of it , and I 'm not sure what it would be . Uh-huh . It would be money better spent than , do you know it costs more to keep an inmate on death row than it does to send a kid to Harvard ? That 's true . I 'm sure it is , yeah . Statistically , that 's true . Um , yeah , I do n't , I do n't , certainly capital punishment is n't -- Uh-huh . -- going to solve a lot of problems but , Are you for it ? Uh , I 'm for it in -- I guess I am -- -- in some cases . -- for certain cri- , -- Yeah . -- yeah , in certain crimes . What kind of crimes would you d- , use it for ? Uh , premeditated murder . Uh-huh . Crimes of that nature , I think should definitely , any mass murderer type individual . I , I would consider it for sexual abuse of children , on going . Um . You know , not one instance , but perpetual abusers of children . Uh-huh . Well , you always have castration . Well , you know , somebody elected that recently . Yes , I read about that . And all the civil rights people are up in arms about it , you know . Uh-huh . But , uh , 