All right and , and your occupation is teaching ? I 'm a , I 'm a substitute teacher . Substitute teacher . Is , is this Pat I 'm talking to now ? Yes , it is , it is . Yeah , I 'm a substitute teacher , in , I believe , the same school system we both work in . Right . Well , I was just trying to make an introduction , here . Oh , okay . But , oh , and , and I have n't told you I 'm going to be at a different school this year , now . Oh . I 've just gotten a , another job at an elementary library at Barron . 

Well , I bet you 're , you 're , you may dress differently , then , for that . Right . I , well , not really . I 've got the , every day I 've got to , uh , read to kindergartners , so I 'm going to be down on the floor with them . I 've got about forty kindergartners I 'm going to be doing , working with every day for , uh , you know , a half hour . 

So I 'll be , I 'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because I 'm , I 'm , if I 'm going to be down on the floor messing with them , I 'm not going to wear nylons and , you know -- Well , -- nice nylons and dresses . What I wear sometimes depends on , on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in -- Right . -- since I 'm a sub , and have different rooms to go to . And always carry a sweater . Well , of course , you 've been at Clark enough that you know it 's always cold . Yes . But , you do n't know , uh , I guess at some of the other schools you go to unless you 've been there . No , you try to layer , so you can add or , or -- Subtract . -- or take off . Right . 

And it 's , it 's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual , uh , I , I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools . That 's one of things , one of the things I ask about , you know , whether , whether she would allow slacks and she said she does n't have a problem with that , 

she just did n't like sloppy dressing . Uh-huh . And , and I said , well , you know , that was okay . And I 'm , basically , I just , you know , I wear slacks year round except every , about once a week I try to wear a skirt . And , and in the winter , you know , I just add a , maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer . And add a heavier jacket or , you know , wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer . Uh-huh . That 's about , I do n't , I do n't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and , you know , look really , Right , and , well , for me sometimes , they even have dress up days or they , you know , have , have spirit week that , that you wear your different outfits -- Yeah . 

-- and you have to have the color for that particular school if you , if you choose to participate in -- Right . -- spirit week . And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some -- And you never know that , though -- -- sort of hat . -- sometimes when you 're going in , do you ? No , but because I sort of stick to several schools , uh , I 'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and , and might , might remember to do it . Right , right . And then many schools on a particular day during , uh , I guess football season , maybe all year long , they wear the school colors for , uh , game day -- Right . -- which , On what , Thursd- , Thursday . Right , it might be Thursday for the high schools 

and it may be Friday for the senior high schools . Right , right . So that would kind of give you a , a clue , I guess and , and sometimes you get the long term stuff 

so you 're aware ahead of time -- Yeah . -- of what 's going on . That , so that 's , and I do n't know , you know , I , I think about , well , the dress code they have for the kids , you know . Are they put one on the parents , or the teachers and say they have to , the men have to wear ties and there can be no blue jeans worn 

and , because some of the teachers I know wear , uh , dress up jeans , not sloppy looking jeans -- Uh-huh . -- but tapered jeans that they 've had dry cleaned so they have got the crease and , uh , you know , they 'll wear it with a nice top . And , and , uh , I do n't know that that looks that bad . But , if you 're going to tell the kids they c , have to dress up , I guess you can tell the teachers that , too . Yeah , it , it , I see that the , I think the elementary school teachers , or maybe even the middle school teachers dress a little fancier than , than some of the high school teachers , I think . Uh-huh . But it , I think it varies , it , it just so much . Anything , anything can go . 

Uh-huh . And you can see in some of the departments in some of the schools , like history at Clark , they 're all pretty fancy . But they 're just sort of into clothes , and then there 's other departments -- Right . -- that are n't . Right , right . And they 'll just wear your common , ordinary , you know , whatever you might -- Yeah , there 's a couple -- -- might say , 

-- teachers up there that , that do dress up more than others . Right . Right . And so you try to maybe follow those if you know you 're going there , you do n't want to dress too tacky because you 're going to be in the same room with them . Right . Well , and you always , course , it 's a standing joke , you know , when the , when the men come in in a , a tie and a suit coat , you say , you know , what , have you got a job interview today 

or , Or you 're going -- there , there 's , -- to be observed . There 's usually , yeah , there 's usually something going on that , that , uh , and would , would , uh , cause that to happen -- Yeah . -- and I , I do n't know how a coach would feel if , that teaches health or Eng- , you know , English , or whatever that they had to wear a tie . I , some of those male coaches , that might really , Right . They go around in their little coaching shorts or -- Right , and a T-shirt . 

-- parachute pants . Right . That I did n't ever understand . I mean we 've got coaches that teach health for five periods and then have athletics sixth period so , Yeah , well at -- Whether , -- Vines , the coaches do n't do that . They , they dress pretty good , I would say and then they go to their coaching 

and they , they put their shorts -- Change then . -- on there . Well , see , that 's what I would think . Uh-huh . That 's what I would think . But , they , they do n't look , you know , they do n't wear their sweat pants or , or anything . They 're , they dress like any other teacher would in -- Right . -- in a classroom situation , not in P E . Course , we had , had one coach , one period he 'd teach P E and the next period Health and then a period of P E -- Those I can understand . -- and , and that 's hard . Yeah . You know , so he just left warm-ups on , but , but , uh , no , I think , really probably , they could , they could , uh , really , and I do n't know if , if they put , make uniforms the thing for the kids , I guess the teachers will have to follow suit with a dark skirt and a white top 

and , I do n't think we 'll ever get to that . You do n't think so . No , I do n't think . I think we 're going the opposite direction . It 's the parochial schools that I guess many ti- , they 've had uniforms for years , I r- , do n't really know if they still do . Well , some of them , yes they do and , and it 's not -- It certainly makes it easier to dress . -- at some of the private schools , but even there 's a couple public schools in Dallas where , where the kids wear uniforms and the teachers , you know , dress -- Uh-huh . -- in accordance with that . Well , it 's certainly cheaper and easier in the long run , I think , that you do n't have to be concerned about your wardrobe . Uh-huh . Well I , I think it would make a difference at school . I , I do n't think we should be spending time saying somebody 's wearing torn clothing or wearing sh- , too shorts , too short or they 've got the really short skirt and the black nylons and the high , you know , I mean -- Uh-huh . -- it 's a lot of trouble to , to take care of that . And , of course , the kids say , then why bother , just let me wear what I want . And , and yet we ca n't to that either . I 'd like to see them go to , to not necessarily a uniform , but saying that they 've got to wear a button down shirt . You know , that would , that would alleviate any T-shirts with sayings on them . But if they could wear a button-down shirt and a pair of dark slacks and they could buy them anywhere they wanted and , Yeah , but I doubt that that would come ab- , -- And then the girls , -- that that will come about . Just , Right . Yeah , I , I , I do n't , no , not in Plano . No not , They may get a- , -- Yeah . -- but they said in the Dallas schools that that helps their educational process there . Well , I think it does . It , it takes their minds off of , of trying to compete . Highland Park 's thinking about going that route . Uh-huh . So it , and then I think that 's going to push teachers to dress a lot more professionally than they do . Yeah , I , I do n't think a lot of teachers are very professional but , Yeah , 

I agree with you on , 