Okay . Well , if you 're from Iowa , you must be very artsy crafty . Everyone I 've ever known from the Midwest can do everything with their hands . Oh , well , actually I 'm from California and before then I was from Utah . So . 

I did n't know anyone ever moved from California to Kan- , Iowa ? Well , I grew up in California , and then I went to school in Utah , and I got married there and we stayed there for a while , and then , now we 're in U- , Iowa . I 'm teasing , only because I 'm from Indiana . Oh , really . I really like , I like the Midwest . Oh . But I married a Texan , and they have a way of dragging you back home . Anyway , we 're supposed to be talking about crafts . Do you , um , do you have any hobbies that , that you do things with your hands -- Um . -- like knitting or , Well , I crochet , and I do water color , and I , um , sew and I do fabric painting . Oh , you do a lot then . Do you do needlepoint also and cross stitching ? Um , I 've done some cross stitching . I have n't tried any needlepoint yet . How about you ? Um , actually I , I 'm pretty untalented . Oh , right . I used to do a lot of knitting and crocheting , um , but I , I do n't know , somehow I do n't have the time anymore . But I have all these friends that wherever you go , they , they sit down and the next thing you know , they pull out of their , uh , bags some , their most recent , uh , needle craft -- Oh , really . -- and in December everyone was doing stockings , you know -- Uh-huh . -- these gorgeous , detailed -- Oh , gosh . -- minute , tiny stitch stockings . Oh , yeah , well those take a lot of time . Yes . I only can do things that are pretty fast , because we just , um , got our baby last year , and I just do n't have the patience to just , you know , do something . Is this your first baby ? Uh-huh . Have you crocheted or knitted any baby clothes or baby blankets ? Um , I crocheted an afghan for our bed . That 's the only thing , and , and I did a quilt , let 's see , I 've done a quilt for our baby and I 've done a quilt for our bed , but I mean , Did you embroidery the pattern and then quilt it yourself , or -- Um . -- how did you make a quilt ? Um , our baby 's quilt , it was a pre , like the design , I just went around the design -- Uh-huh . -- in the quilt . I did n't piece it or anything like that but , uh , But you actually hand quilted it yourself ? Uh-huh , and , Did , did you need a loom , or were you a , was it small enough that you could just hold it ? Um , I put it on the frame , the quilting frame . Have you , are you familiar with that ? Uh-huh . Yeah , okay . But , um , my , again , my mother back in Indiana , we had a quilting frame in our basement , and she would , she would quilt whole quilts by herself . Oh , my God . Um , yes , which , I was always amazed . I have one of them . Um , but , uh , you know , to have the quilting frame and then to actually do that , it 's a tremendous amount of work . Well , I have n't done tons of them . But , um , I used to do more before , um , before I had , before we got our baby , but . Oh , you think , children , you can , um , use crafts to make wonderful things for children . Uh-huh . I think when babies , I think afghans and , and the crocheted little sweaters , and , are , are wonderful . And , and they 'll wear them . Yes , exactly . Once they get old enough to talk then they no longer will wear them . Well , one thing that I like about this fabric painting thing is I can just make a T shirt and put a little ruffle around it and then , um , cut out a little pattern from the material , from some material , like flowers or something , and make , um , a design or , you know , a little arrangement or something on the shirt and , you know , fuse it on with Heat and Bond , or whatever and then paint around it . And I usually sew , sew around the flower , whatever first , and then I paint around it so you ca n't see the stitching as much . Does , does that make sense to you ? So . Oh , yes , I think it 's very clever . It 's , uh , funny that you said . For Christmas , my daughter and I received matching sweat shirts -- Oh . -- that a friend had made for us . A beautiful Christmas design , and they were matching and they were lovely , but when I washed them , although I took the precaution of turning them inside out -- Oh , sure . -- I really did n't do anything else . Uh-huh . And truly , everything fell off , or -- Oh , really . -- most of it . So I had , I went and bought just some cloth glue and glued it all back and I bought the paint and redid most of the edges -- Oh . -- and , and it was salvageable , and I , but it 's , so I 'm familiar with that , but I think you 're very clever to , um , sew around the edges . I think gluing alone , certainly if you wash it any amount of time , it -- Well . -- tends to kind of come loose at the edges . Yeah , someone told me that , that it , that they had done it both ways , and I 've always , after hearing that , I always sewed it on , even , even with the , uh , a loose zigzag even helps . And , um , 