MUMBLEx music do you like ? Uh , lots of different kinds I guess . Uh , I like country music , of course -- Uh-huh . -- Texas and I listen to Christian music a lot because there 's a Christian music station here in in our city . So I listen to it quite a bit . Uh-huh . So , I am more into rock and roll myself . Uh-huh . And I listen cause on Friday nights they have the , uh , they have what they call Saturday Night Alive 

or they have on Saturday night , Friday night and Saturday night -- Uh-huh . -- and they have Christian rock and roll . So -- -- you know , they have that type of music , but they just have different words -- -- so , I listen to that too . Do you like any bluegrass ? Uh , no . Not really , huh-uh . Oh . And I like -- Well , at least your , -- I like rap music . Do you like rap music ? Not really . Not really . Well , I can tell we 're , we 're together here . Yeah . Okay . Uh . Um . Uh , we 'll have to , uh -- What kind of -- -- I have a lot of friends that like country music . -- What kind of rock music do you listen to ? Do you listen to like that really heavy metal stuff or , No , I 'm more into , uh , older rock , like the psychedelic era , like , uh -- Seventies and like that stuff . -- Se- late sixties , seventies , uh -- Uh-huh . -- Greatful Dead , Crosby , Stills and Nash . Yeah , I have friends that like that . What ? Yeah . So you have never heard of like the Christian music that I listen to probably . Oh , I 've heard a little bit of it . I 've just , Like have you heard of , uh , of Carmen ? Have you ever heard of Kim ? Uh , now I 've heard of Striper . So the only one I can -- Striper , they 're the really heavy , yeah -- -- Uh-huh . -- like the heavy metal stuff -- Uh-huh . -- I guess . Uh , the first of Amy Grant before -- Yeah . -- was , you know , became more mainstream , top forty . Yeah . Cause she , she plays both secular and Christian so , Uh-huh . Yeah , I like her too . Uh , I have been to a concert a couple of times of hers . I 've never actually seen her in concert . I imagine that she puts on a pretty good show . She does . Uh-huh . She 's real good . She 's real good . So , I like her . Uh-huh . Uh , I like some country music . It 's just that I like finding a lot of it 's , I do n't like the country music that 's like my wife left me , my dog -- Yeah . -- left me , everybody 's left me . Mama got run over by the train . Yeah . I do n't like that . Uh-huh . You know , I like Randy Travis -- Uh-huh . -- you know , I like more of the real new ones , you know . Like Garth Brooks . Garth Brooks , oh yes , you know he 's fine . Reba MacIntyre . Yeah . I like them . I do n't care for the older , you know , like the dog left me stuff . You do n't like Patsy Cline ? Huh ? You do n't like Patsy Cline . No , huh-uh . I do n't even really know who she is , you know . You know , so . But , have you ever been to any of them concerts that you like ? That music that you like to . Uh , yeah actually I just went to see the Greatful Dead about , I guess about a week ago . But are n't they done with ? I thought that they . No , they 're they are still on tour . They have been touring , since the late sixties . And I just thought that they done broke up and -- No . -- left . They 're still together . They 're still -- Huh . -- making albums . Wow , I did n't know that . Uh-huh . Huh . Uh , That 's interesting . In fact , I mean there are people you know that basically just follow them around , from city to city -- Uh-huh . -- on tour selling tie dye and things like that . Uh , Cause they are on up there in age , are n't they ? Yeah , they 're , they 're like late forties , early fifties , but you know like whenever one of them dies off they get a replacement . Okay . MUMBLEx . Alright . You know , they seem to have a really bad time with keyboard players . They keep on dying and they keep on replacing them and the new one 's in this thirties you know . Uh , Oh , alright . But , uh , Cause they look pretty rough . I mean , I 've seen like picture of them and they just , Yeah . Well , they do n't actually look as rough as the Rolling Stones . They just , I do n't know if you saw the tour posters of the Rolling Stones when they last toured , but it looked like leather day at the geriatric , MUMBLEx . Yeah , I mean cause they just , All their faces were just all shriveled , Uh-huh . Yuck looking , I mean -- Uh-huh . -- uh . I mean it just just looked like they , got a bunch of retirees and put them in leather jackets and blue jeans . Uh-huh . Well are you into that that rock music , you know , all that druggy stuff and all that I mean ? Well , uh , MUMBLEx . You know what I am saying like , I mean like they come on the stage and like , you know , you , they do n't even know they are there . You know . They are just so out of it . Actually , I prefer my , my performers to be pretty sober , you know , just uh , just so that , you know , that if they 're jamming , you know , that they do n't just lose themselves and you know , go into lala land . Yeah . Uh-huh . So , I just do n't , I just do n't like you know . Uh-huh . That . So , I do n't know . So , uh , have you seen any concerts lately ? Um . Uh , 