Okay . Okay . Um , well , I 'm not , I mean , I read a lot , but I do n't , I do n't read a whole , I mean , uh , eh , eh , eh , I , I , I , I tend to read like only out of a couple , you know , groups . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Uh , and I 'm , a , uh , I 'm a big baseball fan , so I tend to read a lot of the baseball books 

and , I 'm a big baseball fan too . Oh , okay . And , uh , I read a lot of science fiction . E- , well , I like , I teach school , and so during the school year , I just do n't have time to read . And I , you know , I would love to , to be able to read more because I , I enjoy it so much . But with correcting papers and , and I , two o- , kids of my own , I just do n't have time . But in the summer , I try to read a lot . Uh-huh . And , and , of course , being a woman , I like romance novels and stuff like that a whole lot . I just , I really enjoy that because it 's kind of a , a getaway type thing . Uh-huh . So I , I read a lot of that . But I also love sports . And , uh , uh , I , I do n't have time to read in , but I do read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED -- Uh-huh . -- i- , during the , the year because my son gets that . And , uh , but , uh , I do n't read a lot of nonfiction , and I really should because there 's so many self-improvement books out right now that would , would be , benefit me greatly , but I just do n't . Uh-huh . Yeah , I , um , I do n't really , I pro- , probably should . I do n't really read the self-improvement books or things like that . I , uh , um , I 'll get like , uh , books on history and stuff like that that look interesting . And I , uh , of course , I do n't ever get around to reading them . Yeah , yeah . You know , I got , uh , um , I b , I belong to Quality Paperback Book Club . Oh , do you ? And I 'll get , get stuff out of that . Like I got BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM , you know , Uh-huh . like a couple of years ago . And I started reading , and got about sixty pages into it and it 's like eight hundred pages . Oh , my word . And it was like , uh , I want to read something else for a while . Yeah . It 's , i- , some of those books are real tough to get into , but after you get into them , they 're really good . Yeah . But it 's just tough to get through that first two hundred pages or so . Yeah . Well , especially , you know , well , BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM starts off , you know , in the eighteen forties , you know . Yeah . And it 's like , wait , the war was n't until the eightee- , you know . It 's like , okay , and I realize these things , you know . These things take awhile like to move up , but it 's , you know , it 's hard sometimes . It 's right , that 's right . I find though , that if , when I find an author , uh , and you do n't read a lot of fiction , you said . But when I find , I read a lot of science fiction . Do you ? Yeah . When I find an author I really like , I try to read everything they write . Yeah . That , and I , I do the same thing . I , Because you , you get used to their style and you really enjoy it . Yeah . Uh , there 's one science fiction writer named , uh , Allen Dean Foster . Uh-huh . I 've heard of him . Oh , okay , yeah . He , um , I must have like fifty or sixty books by him . Is that right ? I mean , I have , you know , I have everything he 's ever well , almost everything he 's ever done . Uh-huh . And , um , you know , I , I know that when I , you know , when I get his book I 'm , I 'm usually going to enjoy it . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Um , so it 's really , you know , it 's , it 's fun to , to do that . Uh , Is n't it amazing that somebody can write that many books about science fiction ? I think that 's unbelievable . Yeah . Well , he does a lot of like , um , uh , movie adaptations and things like that . Oh , does he really ? Yeah . And , uh , his adaptations are usually really good . Oh . Um , it 's , it 's funny he , um , the , the novelization of STAR WARS was list- , you know , it , it was out in the , uh , in the stores as being by George Lucas . But it turns out that , uh , Foster actually , uh , ghost wrote it for him . Is that right ? Wh , which , you know , when I read it , I should have realized that because , I mean , it had Foster 's style written all over it . Is that right ? Yeah . Uh-huh . Well , I , I 've never read anything of his , but I 've heard about him . But would n't you think he would , does he get some royalties from that , hopefully ? Oh , I 'm sure he does . Well , I would think he would . I 'd hope so . Well , I mean he 's doing all right , probably . Oh , I 'm sure he is , I 'm sure he is . But sometimes the more you get the more you want too , so , Yeah . That 's true . Yeah . Well , yeah . You , you 're a baseball fan , you 're , you 're aware of that kind of thing . Oh , yeah . Oh , right , right , right . I , in fact , I 'm a sports fan , period . Uh-huh . We , I mean , th- , that 's why I like to read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED so much because there 's everything in it . Yeah . I had a , uh , had a subscription to that last year , but I 'm , uh , I 'm mostly a baseball fan . So I 'm , Oh . I 'm not , as inter , you know , the other stuff is interesting but , um , I was mostly interested in the baseball stuff . So you 're probably , uh , a Baltimore fan , right , an Oriole fan ? Uh , actually I 'm a Red Sox fan more than anything . Is that right ? Yeah . Boston ? Oh , well , that 's good too . Um , but , uh , I , I , I do like the Orioles also . I 'm , I 'm sure you do . Well I 'm a Ranger fan simply because I live here . Yeah . But I , I was , uh , I 'm not from here . I 'm originally from Ohio , so I 've always followed the Tigers . Because , you know , I was , Toledo . I was born and raised in Toledo . Yeah . I was in Toledo last summer . Went to a , uh , to a Mud Hens double header . Oh , I love the Mud Hens . They 're great . I love the name and , there Yeah . was a b , really big article on the Mud Hens in SPORTS ILLUSTRATED last year . Y- . I saved that issue , actually . Did you ? Um , that 's when I had the subscription . Yeah , it was a lot of fun . Yeah . I li , I really enjoy that team . I , we used to go there all the time . I used to live in Iowa too , and they have the Iowa Oaks . And we used to go , go to their games all the time . And , They do n't exist anymore , I do n't , I know , think . I know they do n't . At least not by that name . There 's the Iowa Cubs , but I do n't know if they play , Oh , they must , in the same location . they must have changed then . Because it used , well I have n't lived there for l- , I 've been here for like twelve years now , so . And I have n't been back to Des Moines in a long time . But -- Um . -- we used to always go to their games , and it was kind of fun . It 's almost , uh , more fun than going to a major league game . I do n't know , I just really enjoy the , I , minor league , farm teams . baseball , I think is a lot more fun than , Yes , major league baseball . it is . It 's not quite so serious , you know . And it 's a lot cheaper . That 's for sure , that 's , Yeah . There 's , um , for sure . there 's a city just west of Freder- , of , uh Baltimore , called Frederick . It 's about -- Is that right ? -- forty miles west . And they have a minor league team . And I go out there almost as much as the Orioles and , um , Is that right ? I , it 's just a lot of fun . I mean , it 's free parking and three bu- , bu- , you know , four bucks now to get in . And , you know , the hot dogs are a dollar and , and it 's just great . Well , how , like how much is an Oriole game ? Oriole game ? If you park in the lot across the street from the stadium , it 's four bucks . The ticket , the ch , the cheapest ticket you can normally get is like six fifty to seven fifty . Oh , gosh . See , it 's higher than the Rangers . Yeah . And , um , hot dogs like start at a dollar fifty . Oh , yeah . A- , the food here is outrageous . But , uh , you can get a good seat for , uh , well it used to be three dollars . But I think it 's gone up to fo- , four dollars this year . Oh , that 's nice . But , you know , it 's in the bleachers , way out in the , you know , in center field , but it 's still nice . Yeah . You still can see well . And , uh , we usually sit there unless somebody gives us tickets , you know , box seats -- Uh-huh . -- or something , then we usually sit out there . Well how much are the box seats there ? Do you know offhand ? Box seats run from , oh , like eight dollars to twelve dollars . Yeah . That 's , um , that 's a little steeper . I think the , uh , most expensive seats in Memorial are eleven bucks . But we 're getting a new stadium next year so , Oh , so it 'll go up . Yeah , it 'll go up . And , if it opens . It 's , uh , something we 're really irritated about around here . Or some people are really irritated about . They 're , they 're building this new sta- , they built the new stadium downtown . And they 're saying how there 's going to be a lot more parking for the stadium . Uh-huh . But I park for free up at , at Memorial Stadium because I know where I can do it for free . Oh , oh . And , um , I 'm not going to be able to do that downtown . Uh , that 's , yeah , that 's a bummer . Yeah . We , Well , see , baseball here though is the cheapest game in town . Because the Cowboys , it 's out , it 's outrageous -- Uh-huh . -- to go to the Cowboy game . And the Mavericks are t- , it 's high too . Uh-huh . So baseball 's cheap , Were n't you guys , compared to other games . supposed to get a stadium in downtown Dallas ? Well , that did n't go s- , over , Oh , it d , it did n't , now . They , they , go through . they decided , you know , George Bush , who , who 's the main owner of the Rangers , decided that , uh , they 'd stay in Arlington . So Arlington 's going to build a stadium , a bigger one . Oh , okay . So we 're going to , they 're going to stay there . Which is fine , because Arlington 's got a lot of things to offer . And , and that was their main , main money making , you know , Uh-huh . deal for the city . And it would have devastated them if they would have taken it away . Yeah . Because everything , there 's Six Flags right by the stadium , there 's a Wet 'n Wild and , Uh-huh . and it , you know , that 's , all the tourists come there . Uh-huh . And , and they , it would have been devastated , they would have collapsed . So I 'm kind of glad they 're staying there . Because it 's right in the middle of Fort Worth-Dallas , and , you know , Yeah . That 's , that 's what I 'd always heard , I 've , uh , Yeah . We , you know , we , I like it there . And I think Dallas has enough to offer that they do n't have to hog everything . So , I 'm glad that they 're staying in Arlington . Uh-huh . And it 's takes us maybe , uh , we- , well , thirty-five to forty minutes to get there from Plano , which is not too bad at all . Yeah . That 's about what it takes me to get to Memorial . Yeah . Um , So , it 's actu- , it actually funny that , um , I live just outside of Baltimore . And it takes me almost the same amount of time to go to Frederick , but as it does to go to the , the ballpark in Me- , in , uh , Baltimore . Is that right ? Because , um , to go out to Frederick , I just jump on the Interstate and , because I live just south of the Interstate . Uh-huh . H , hop on the Interstate , and the stadium 's right off the Interstate . Oh , gosh . So , it 's like I drive west and I 'm there . And , you know , and then to go into Baltimore , I mean , it well , it 's fewer miles , but I 've got to go , stop and go traffic and everything . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Do you read , um , I guess you read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED but you do n't read many sports books or , Well , not really . Now my son does , I have , I have a son that just turned sixteen , Uh-huh . and he reads everything he gets , he gets his , get his hands on . He 's reading a Dick Vitelle book right now because he 's a real big Dick Vitelle fan . He 's a basketball fan because he , he plays for the high school he goes to and -- -- uh , just loves D- , Dick Vitelle , which not many people do . So , but he 's reading it , and he 's r- , and he says , He 's so interesting , Mom . You just ca n't believe all the things he 's done . And he 's really enjoying that . And I , and he said , Mom , you need to read it after I get finished . So maybe I will . There was , uh , I understand there was a really good basketball b- , book called , uh , A SEASON ON THE BRINK . I never heard that one . Yeah , I 'm not sure . I do n't know . I 'm trying to think of the guy 's name . It was like John Feinstein or something like that -- Uh-huh . -- wrote it . I just heard about it the other night . Huh . Uh , I was listening to something on the radio -- Uh-huh . -- about , uh , Uh-huh . you know , a talk show about sports books , and they , and they mentioned that one . I 'll have to tell my son about that . I 'm sure he 'd like it . Yeah . And , uh , I was thinking about , there was a , I saw a book kicking around on the history of the A B A , which , Oh , that would be good Yeah . I get in to , even when I do n't like the sport so much , I get interested in the history of sports franchises , 