Okay , well , I , I , I guess if I was having a dinner party I , depending on the number of people , I might cook a , like a brisket or a roast or a , maybe a chicken dish -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , I guess I usually plan probably a lettuce salad and a , a potato dish , and we usually serve fresh fruit and , uh , then make a dessert . Oh , that sounds good . So that makes , Uh , we 're not , uh , real wealthy at the moment . Last time I had people over for dinner we had lasagna , and I used my mother 's recipe , I really like it . It 's got , um , you cook the noodles and make , and brown hamburger and put tomato sauce in with it and , I 'm not sure she even puts , must be some Italian spices in there . I ca n't remember . 

But , um , for the cheese part , you mix , uh , sour cream , and cream cheese and cottage cheese -- Well , that sounds good . -- and , uh , layer all that . It 's good . That sounds good . And , then , uh , uh , tossed salad and , and , um , Oh , my goodness , Diane , get down from there . And , uh , let 's see , what else did I serve with that . Bread , do you have bread to go with it ? Corn , yeah , I made French bread with that one too . Gosh . I have a recipe that 's pretty good for that . So . 

Oh , well , lasagna 's always wonderful for large crowds . Yeah . I 've heard , you know , I 've heard a lot of people say , it , the short cut on the cooking for lasagna , they , they 've told me that they go to Sam 's and buy a great big pan of lasagna . I 've heard that Sam 's has a really good lasagna -- So . -- in fact I think I had it at a , at a party once . Did you ? It was good . Well , I , I know people that have , have served it 

and they say , gosh , if you have company coming -- Easy . -- when you do n't want to be always in the kitchen , it 's easy , and she said it 's , they said it 's good . Yeah . So , that , that 's always sounds good to me , um , Yeah . 

I feel like , I feel like I 'm in the kitchen cooking a lot . Oh , I know . I cook , guess I cook a , seems like I cook a lot of dinners , oh , not always for company , just for , just for family . Oh , yeah . So , feels like I 'm often in the kitchen . Not my favorite place , but . But a time consuming place . A necessity . Yeah , right , right , so . Let 's see , what else do we like to have for , trying to think what else I like to serve . My mother likes to serve taco grandes . 

Have you ever had , I do n't know , that ? what that is . No I do n't know what that is . You take a flour tortilla and you fry it like a taco -- Okay . -- shell -- Right . -- and you , uh , for all the inside parts you brown hamburger and put some , um , tomato sauce in it , and , and I like to just add picante sauce to get the Mexican flavor 

so you do n't have to mess with spices and stuff . Right . And , then , um , let 's see , and then , and you heat up refried beans , and you cut up tomatoes and lettuce and grated cheese , and what you do to make it , you take the shell and you spread the beans on first , then you put the meat , then you put the grated cheese , and then you put , um , let 's see , what 's next , 

then , and I , I usually put the cut up tomatoes next -- Right . -- and then the , um , lettuce , and you can put , uh , like guacamole and Katy , I 'm on the phone . Well , get a towel or go change . I 'm on the phone . 

Um , oh a little sour cream is good -- Right . -- and , and chopped olives , Right . Do you like to make your own guacamole ? Uh , yeah . Yeah , we , we do n't make it very often , I guess , but , uh , No , I do n't very often . Usually when we get avocados my kids just like to eat them plain -- Oh do they ? -- so . Yeah . Gosh , I just cut slices off and . Gosh , I like an avocado sandwich , too . Oh , that 's good , that 's good , or it 's always good on top of something in the sandwich . Yeah , yeah . Oh , well , we made , I made guacamole that I would take to a pool party across the street the other day , 

and , and everyone there said they never made guacamole salad . . What you want . wh , where do they get it ? . Well , I do n't know , I guess they do n't have it at home , I ca n't imagine it would stay fresh long enough to , I guess they just buy it at a restaurant when they eat it at a restaurant maybe . They must , they just said they never had it at home . So I , I was concerned that , I thought , oh , taking this , you know , taking this as a dip , I thought , gosh , you know , sometimes when we have it at home it , it turns dark on the top -- Yeah . -- so quickly , so I just , It helps if you , I helps if you leave the pit in it . Oh , does that help ? Yeah , 

if you leave the pit in the bowl with the thing , especially while you 're waiting before you serve it . Okay , well , That 's supposed to help keep the , um , keep it from turning brown so quick . Well , I 'll have to remember that . Well , I just , I , that day I just took extra lemon and just squeezed across the top and it really stayed longer than I -- Oh . -- ever thought it would , so . Oh , that 's good . I thought maybe that was the trick . That probably helps , too . Yeah , yeah , so . Oh , well . I guess we bought a lot of , we 've been buying turkey lately , instead of beef , so -- Do you want it ? -- even though , you know , Oh , yeah we have too , the ground turkey , it 's , the meat is softer and I , everybody -- Do you want scrambled ? -- seems to like it . So . Sometimes it seems to be cheaper , too , so we -- Yeah . -- often buy it -- Yeah -- -- we buy it , -- if you get it on sale , Yeah , yeah , so we bought that or we bought the , the filets , and then the chicken , or turkey nuggets , and I do n't think anybody in my house knows the difference , unless you tell them . Yeah , yeah -- Or in , -- I do n't think mine know either . In fact , we 've been getting lunch meat that 's turkey , too . It costs less than the other , I do n't know , there 's supposed to be something more healthy about it . Yeah , yeah . Poultry instead of the beef and -- -- pork , yeah . right , right . Well , I guess that 's probably all we need to do for tonight . Yeah , I , I ca n't think of any other specific things I like to serve . Um , I always like dessert . One salad that we always like , my sister-in-law always brings to family dinners , is a , I do n't know what you call it . Uh , you mix , um , cottage cheese and a package of jello and a thing of , uh , like Cool Whip -- Right , right -- -- that 's good -- -- that 's always good , -- and quick and easy , Probably , probably the only family recipe that we , we make and it 's really for special occasions is cheese cake , and we take a recipe from my grandmother , you know -- Uh-huh . -- it 's probably fairly typical , cream cheese and egg and sugar , and the insides of a , 