Okay , I 'll just go with you first . What kind of -- Okay . -- eating out do you enjoy ? Well , I like dining out . Of course , it means that I do n't have to cook . Right . But , um , I 'm a divorced woman . I have one child -- Uh-huh . -- and , you know , when , when we dine out we go to like medium priced restaurants . Uh-huh . I do n't , I do n't particularly , 

I think it 's sort of a waste of money to go real , to a real high priced restaurant . Do you go like home cooking , like Black-Eyed Pea and that kind of thing or -- Um , e- , n- , -- cafeteria ? Not really . We go wh- , more for the , uh , Chinese -- Me too . -- and Italian -- Uh-huh . -- and stuff like that . Mexican , stuff -- Mexican , uh-huh . -- that I ca n't cook . Uh , we do too . We do the same . Yeah . What are your favorite places ? Um , well , I like Chinese food . Uh-huh . 

Um , there 's a little place down on , what is that ? Coit Road , um , Chinese Pavilion or something . Uh-huh . That is really good and I like it . And , um , I do , I do like Chinese buffets . Oh , yeah . Well , we go , we 've gone to August Moon and we think that was real good -- Uh-huh . -- but our favorite when you have a little more to spend , is to go to Taiwan or May Dragon . Uh-huh . And those are excellent . They 're really a nice place you could take someone to eat . Right . It 's not the , the rinky Chinese decorations -- Uh-huh . -- but it 's a very elegant nice place to eat . Uh-huh . We go , very , very often we go out for fajitas . That 's 

my husband has just gotten stuck . Oh . And we go to On the Border . Uh-huh . And lots of places that have , uh , I think MUMBLEx and some of those and get fajitas , and he 'll just eat chips until we 've got three or four baskets coming back . Uh-huh . And then , uh , last weekend we went out for Italian also , and for some reason the cooler weather makes me tend to want to go eat lasagna and garlic bread . Right , uh-huh . Uh-huh . So , we went to El Sorrento . Ha , yeah , 

have you ever , um -- It was fun . -- tried Pappasito 's ? You know , what ? This is , that 's real funny you said that because we were coming back Sunday on Central from church and Bob pointed to it and he said , `` I keep hearing good things about that place , we 're going to have to go . '' Oh , it is delicious . That 's what he , tha- , 

in fact , you 're about the third or fourth person in the last month that said that . Uh-huh . So I guess we 'll have to do it . It 's , you always stand in line when you go -- That 's what it , that 's what -- -- but it 's worth the wait . -- D MAGAZINE said that . It said there was always a line . Uh-huh . But that 's probably , I mean that 's a good , that 's a good sign . Uh-huh . And have you ever tried , um , the Macaroni Grill up on , Yes , we did . Now , my kids did n't like it because they just wanted to get plain old spaghetti -- Uh-huh . -- or lasagna , and most of those things were a little more northern Italy . Right . And they like just the traditional . They 're not very , Tha- , th- , they 're the Spaghetti Warehouse type . Yes , they are . Exactly . Exactly . Right . The place of the seventies . Yeah , yeah , but my little girl likes , uh , Spaghetti Warehouse -- Uh-huh . -- real well . Yeah , most kids do . It 's real entertaining for her . W- , do you ever go for steak ? Just a steak and potato and salad bar , that kind of thing . Um , not really . That 's , a steak is something that I cook at home . Uh-huh . You know , tha- , that you grill out -- Yeah . -- and I really do n't particularly , um , Well , I 'm , I 'm real curious to try this one that has such MUMBLEx commercials . The uh , that Del Lincoln and , oh , what is that guy 's name ? They do those real corny commercials . Huh . It 's , uh , over , there 's one over there in Addison . I ca n't remember his name . Anyhow it 's some , Steak . Yeah , it 's some famous steak place over in Addison . There 's a , there 's a second one downtown , and they have these really corny radio commercials -- Uh-huh . -- but the- , but their steak is supposed to be wonderful . So , I ha , I had not tried that . My husband was saying that up north they have such nice restaurants where you can go after a theater or after the movie . Uh-huh . And it seems like I 've been , w- , we found those one time and then they discontinued . It was over in Addison . Huh . And then they , uh , closed up . Yes . So most of these places are pretty much just , uh , theme restaurants -- Right . I think that 's what -- -- around here . -- goes , you know , really goes right now in the , in the Dallas area . Uh-huh . Of course , you know , down , next to downtown up around McKinney and everything -- Uh-huh . -- you know , there 's just a , there 's a different class -- Well , that 's exactly true . -- of restaurants up there -- That 's right . -- that I ca n't even touch . That 's right . Yeah . That 's right . You know , it would probably take my whole paycheck just to go in and -- That 's e- , yeah , that 's right . -- have one meal -- Uh-huh . -- up there but , um , I had a friend who was taken to Lawry 's downtown -- Uh-huh . -- for prime rib and I have n't been . We usually do n't go for beef really anymore . Uh-huh . Where , we 've gotten so used to doing chicken and things at home that that 's , that 's usually the way we 'll go -- Right . Uh-huh . -- if we 're not going lasagna . Yeah , when , when I go out , it 's , it 's normally to get , um , some specialty type of food -- Uh-huh . -- besides , you know , because y- , chicken and -- Uh-huh . -- steaks and everything I grill at home . I know . Well , I understand . And , and really it 's , they 're a lot better than what I get in the restaurant . That 's right , and save you some money too . That 's right . Well -- Saves you a little bit money . -- now what is your , what 's your child 's favorite place to eat ? Um , favorite place , uh , she has a lot , Taco Bell . Oh , yeah . They 're easy . Yeah , that 's right . Yeah . That 's right . Well , mine enjoy that too . They like to go pretty much where we like to go and they 'll -- Uh-huh . -- and then our favorite thing on Fridays , we generally order pizza in so -- Right . -- not Pizza Inn , but pizza to our house . Right , uh-huh . So we 've done . Well , um , is there anything else you 'd like to discuss about it ? No , not that I know of . I think we 've , I think it 's come to an eye conclusion so I 'll talk with you later . Thank you . Uh-huh , thank you . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 