Okay , we 're energized . Okay . Um , painting , interesting . Uh , the guy called me , when she called me , the computer called me , I thought that they were reading my mind . I 'm in the middle of , um , going out for bids to have my house painted . Oh . Uh , painting is not hard to do , uh , No . 

as long as it 's not in , not to the point of where it 's , uh , needs to be scraped and bl- , peeling , Right . and our house is not but it 's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint 's real cheap and it 's just a hassle to go through it so I 'm looking for the easy way out . Yeah , uh , I know . Di- , is easy to find pa- , uh , painters to do this for you ? It 's easier to find painters , 

but you have to be , you have to be aware of what , uh , how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good , a good two coats , and are they , Ri- , are you talking , going to caulk , outside or inside ? Exterior . Exterior , yeah . Yeah . Uh , interior 's not so bad because it 's more fun , it 's more , c- , but yeah , Yeah . outside you have high peeks , Yeah . and those kind of things , it can be a real issue . Well , when we 've painted , um , right now our house does n't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there , it 's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles , Uh-huh . on the back and there 's some sort of stone or something in the front so there is n't as much wood that has to be painted . Um , but , i- , it , the problem is that it hits , the sun hits it . So preparing is a real problem , Uh-huh . you 've got to prepare it well or else it will flake . Uh-huh . Um , Here they , some of the home builders are , they do n't put brick on the side of your house just to save money so they put up , uh , a quarter inch Masonite , basically , and they painted it kind of like a spun of a sorts so it 's real cheap . And , uh , uh , I 've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and I , as low as five hundred and forty dollars 

so it 's , Wow . just a matter of , it 's , that 's quite a range . Oh , there one guy brags about his piece of equipment he 's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap and I 'm so much worried about that as what , Yeah . I do n't want it all over the brick and windows and , Yeah , which might be a bigger problem than it would be , uh , Oh , sure . Yeah , absolutely . So y'all , you have n't had any , any jobs painted in your house or recently MUMBLEx . No , we 've have , uh , done a little painting ourselves , um , 

we painted the bedroom , uh , well within the last t- , couple of months , That 's fun . and we have , we have some more that need to be done , Uh-huh . but the , the problem that we 've , we 've owned this house almost five years now , and , um , when we bought it the , um , it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired , MUMBLEx but the daughter was a real estate agent and she was selling it and it 's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house . So she told us that the house had been , uh , professionally painted recently . And it looked pretty good , you know , the , uh , the interior walls all basically white , but they obviously had been done without to much , uh , wear afterward . 

The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the wood- , uh , the door frames , Uh-huh . when we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it . Uh , that 's not very , Big long strips . So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly . And some of still has to be redone . Oh , they just painted over varnished wood . Yeah , Oh , my , well , no actually it had been , uh , it would have been , it had been a repaint job . Um . But they had not , either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top or they had n't really roughed it up or whatever they , because it was woodwork so it looked as if it had been painted , Uh-huh . correctly with , you know , uh , an enamel or something , but , um , it had not , either that or it had not been prepared underneath and it was greasy or something , Sure . it comes off in strips , I mean not even little bit . So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time , Oh , no . we know what a job it 's going to be because you almost have to strip the whole thing , Um . in order to do it again . I wish you good luck . Okay . Thank you very much . Thank you . Bye-bye . 

Bye . 