Your turn . Okay . Uh , I do n't think they should abolish it . I think , I think if they put it into force more often , they would n't have as many problems as they 've got . But not for petty theft ? Right . No , no . For major things like premeditated murder . Mass murders . Uh , you know , that type of thing . 

I do n't think it should just be used loosely . Well , it should be used as a deterrent do you think ? Well , Or should it be used , uh , Yes , yes . To prevent these people from ever getting out on the street . By , you know , some technicality . And they go down the line ten years 

and then on some little technicality they get out and on the streets again doing the same they did before . Uh-huh . And , you know , that 's about the only thing . Like for petty , for theft and , and stuff like that or manslaughter , you know , I do n't think they should do that . 

Well , you know , there 's this old , uh , Jewish , is it , saying about an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth . Oh , well , I guess , if I , if it was someone in my family , I 'd probably feel that way . You know , I 've never had anybody in my immediate family , uh , murdered and so I really would n't know . But , but I feel like if I did , I probably would feel that way . Well , one of the things I was thinking about is , uh , you know , from society 's point of view , if you put a value on each person , what you want to do is to maximize the end game value . So if you have someone that , that destroys that value -- Uh-huh . -- uh , then what you want to take steps to , uh , minimize the loss . Of course , you have to also put value on the criminal . Right . So if you terminate him , that 's a loss of value . Well , that 's true . So , you know , if you weight everyone equally , then you have to say , well the likelihood of not terminating him , if you do n't terminate him , the likelihood is expected value of loss of life is greater than one person . In other words , you 'd have to , you 'd have to murder more than one other person -- Besides him . -- uh , in order to justify taking his life . Okay . Another way you could do it is weight this value by , uh , the value to society of the people . Uh , which is pretty delicate thing to do . But one way of doing it is , uh , by income . So if this guy does n't make a great deal of money , which is often times the case , then -- His life is n't worth very much then . -- then he 's obviously not worth very much and so , uh , the likelihood that , you know , maybe expected , expected murders by him is , is , uh , integrated over the income of the people , uh , that he murders is maybe , you know , a loss of , who knows , eight hundred thousand dollars . Uh , but if he only , uh , integrated , you know , integrated income over the expected remainder of his life of is , uh , small , less than eight hundred thousand dollars , then you terminate him . Of course , one of the things that happens if you use that algorithm , is you find that it 's more easy , it 's easier to , uh , to , uh , terminate older people than younger people since the integration of their income over the rest of their lives is going to be less . Right . Which means , well I suppose you could say , well that has something to do with potential for rehabilitation . Potential . I mean that 's , that 's the key right there . Potential . Uh-huh . Now , are they , are they rehabilitative or , or not . Now that 's all fine and well and , and , uh , good philosophical . But if you 're involved yourself , personally -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I know I have a friend whose , uh , son was murdered , uh , on the night before his sixteenth birthday . And let me tell you , uh , I , I knew them personally , uh , not intimately , but quite well and , uh , you 're talking about real trauma . I mean trauma that extends beyond the counting of bodies . I can imagine . The father , you know , of course , a parent losing a teenage child is about as bad as it could possibly get , I think , in terms of psychological impact . Yes . Uh , and , Was he murdered ? Did they find who killed him ? Oh , yes . They found him and he is on trial for capital murder . So it has n't been a long time ago . Just recently . Uh , well , actually he has , I , I 'm sorry . He was convicted , uh , and , of course , now , you know , and you go through two or three hundred years of appeals process but , Yeah , yeah . That appeals process , I mean , it 's what , you know , really , you know , just drags out and out and out . My brother-in-law here in Texas , his , by marriage , my sister 's , uh , husband , his sister was murdered down here by a guy in , in , well actually in Houston and , uh , he , 