Okay . Well , have you ever , uh , had a family reunion ? Yes , Oh . and , uh , let me tell you this is a really neat thing to do too , that they did , I did n't do it . Some of the other people , the older people organized it . Uh-huh . And , what they did , they had , uh , a book made up and it was like , Oh . 

when our ancestors first came over . No kidding . And , then what they did was they asked every family to write something about their family . Huh . And , like , how many kids you had , and who you had married , and , you know , it went through like , and it showed who my , uh , well , who my husband 's parents were , you know . Uh-huh . And , who he married and then how many children we had and then like his brothers and sisters and it went through the whole family and stuff . Oh , that 's so neat . And , it was so good . Oh , great . Yeah . But it , it really did , you know , and plus it 's got a lot more people interested in it because , Uh-huh . you got to participate sort of . Yeah . 

So , so did everybody send in their information and they made a book up , Right . about it , Uh-huh . and then you could get it at the reunion . Right . And , everybody got a book , Oh , nice . that came to the reunion . And , it told like , uh , you know , where the first Connallys came over , Uh-huh . Uh-huh . and , um , it told what happened when they got there and how many kids they had and it just kept coming on up through the generations . Wow . So , it was really , that was really neat . That is neat . And , 

So , do you have a big family ? Well , he does . Oh , he does ? Yeah . He does , I do n't . But , uh , he has enough relatives to make up for me not having any . That 's kind of how my husband and I are . I have a kind of a big family and he just has himself and his brother and his parents , Uh-huh . and that 's it . 

So , he had to kind of get used to us when we first started going together . Yeah . That 's what , that 's what happened when I , when I first , uh , met my husband . I said , this ca n't be , you know , nobody can have this many relatives , because a lot of them lived in like a group , you know , down one highway . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . And , there was a lake , and they all lived down there by it . Oh , how nice . And , so , we were going down , the highway , you know , and he kept saying , this is where my uncle lives and this is where my aunt lives and my uncle , Oh , my gosh . and I kept thinking , this guy is putting me on . Nobody has this many relatives , you know . Yeah . So , but , How funny . they really were all there . And , another thing that 's really good about , uh , family reunions , Uh-huh . is having everybody just cook whatever is their specialty , Uh-huh . and bring it . Uh-huh . At , because nobody it seemed like , liked the same thing . Oh . But you had a choice and then you got to taste a lot of new dishes and stuff too , Yeah . and get a lot of good recipes . Yeah . Where if you said a certain thing and say , okay , we 're all going to have fried fish , or , we 're all going , Yeah . to have fried chicken . Yeah . Everybody might not like that . Not be able to do it . So , did people come like from out of town to the reunion or , Oh , yeah . Yeah , They did . they came from all over . Did you put them up in other people 's houses or did you have hotel rooms , or , how did you do it ? Um , they just stayed with different ones of them . They did . Uh-huh . They just came down and like say , okay , this aunt and Uncle Kip , uh , all their kids and their grand kids and everything , and then , Uh-huh . they had it . It had gotten so big that they had it at the church . Oh , really ? And , they had a church service ahead of it , you know , and then they had , uh , How nice . uh , then they ate out on the ground . And they just brought food with them ? Uh-huh . Did they just have like over a weekend ? Is that how they did it ? Yeah . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Well , I 'm real curious because my family , it did n't sound , I do n't think my family is as big as your husband 's . I do n't think we 'd need a whole church , but , um , the problem is we are all really scattered , around . There is n't any one place where most of us live , so if we ever had a reunion , we 'd kind of all have to stay in a hotel . I mean , you know , there would be one person who lived there that would have a house , but they could n't put everybody up . So it , I think it would get kind of expensive . But , you know what you can do ? Huh ? A lot of these lakes and things , if you could find a centrally located , like , say about the same distance for all of you all to come ? Uh-huh . They have these places where you can rent them and it , you know , like on a lake , Uh-huh . like , uh , it 's a big place , I mean , you know , Uh-huh . it 's got little rooms that separate off of it and stuff , Uh-huh . and , it 's not very expensive that way . Oh , you mean so , oh , I see , so everybody could stay together ? Right . It 's like a , Yeah . they have like a , a house or something . a convention type thing . Uh-huh . And , then it has little rooms off of it where , Oh ! you know , you 'd go and sleep at night time . But , then it has like a kitchenette and things like that but you , See , that would be great because then you could spend so much more time together , Right . than if you all were in your own hotels or something . And another , And then , every time you wanted to go eat with somebody , you 'd probably have to go to out , eat or something . It would run into a lot of money . So , Yeah . But , they had , that was , you know , that , That sounds like fun . what you can do is , you can write different places , the Chamber of Commerce , Uh-huh . tell them what you 're interested in . Uh-huh . Ask them what they have , Uh-huh . you know , at area lakes and all . Yeah . If they have something like that because now every time we plan anything , just about , we write to the Chamber of Commerce of where we 're going because , Uh-huh . you can find out so much easier , You get a , that way , than try to locate it , you know , Yeah . calling different places can r- , really run you up a bill . Yeah . But , if you can find a centrally located place where everybody would have to come about the same distance , I mean , you ca n't get it exact , you know , usually , Oh , yeah . but , uh , and then everybody goes to that place . And that is not bad at all . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . But , they have , lot of times they 'll have like , uh , little cabins , Uh-huh . and three or four or five families can stay in those cabins because they have , you know , just the single bunk beds and stuff . Uh-huh . And , they can all stay in those cabins . And then , you know , you can have cookouts and stuff like that that does n't cost you as much . That would be great . That would be really nice . Yeah . But , that 's , uh , you know , that 's the best way I found , Yeah . because whenever you have , That sounds good . something where you go and , now we had one , this was before I lost a lot more of my family , but it was n't any of my immediate family anyway . Uh-huh . Because I did n't have any of them left . But , um , Uh-huh . they had , uh , uh , thing where you could , everybody could come and meet and go out to eat . Uh-huh . But , I did n't think that was as good . Because , Yeah . it was like , you know , you could n't really talk and stuff , like you could when , Yeah . you were at the lake , Yeah , yeah . or somewhere , you know , where you were out . Right . This was like everybody came into town and went to this restaurant . And you have to sit at a table and just , yeah , Yeah . And , it just , I did n't like that much . Well , um , did you , was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite . I mean , did you have to draw a line , or did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line ? No . Like , they just whoever , What they did was , wanted to come . Well , see what they did was , okay , they , uh , they wrote to all the initial people , you know , Uh-huh . the , the oldest ones . Right . Okay , then those in turn got a hold of these other ones . Uh-huh . And they had like , I think there was four or five different people , Uh-huh . that would call , Uh-huh . you know , some of them , if they did n't have their addresses and all on them , and , you know , Yeah . they told them that what we had to do was when we sent back in our information , we had to tell them how many people were going to be coming , you know . Right . And then , when they , when they talked to us or when they sent us the letter , it , uh , you know , to get the information and all , Uh-huh . it asked , you know , will you be willing to bring and you had to check off what all you would be willing to bring . Oh , I see . And , so , really there was n't any problem with , that 's the reason it ended up in a church because , I mean , there was just so many of them . yeah , yeah . But , it turned out so much better like that . Yeah . Because everybody knew , they knew ahead of time how many people to expect . Right . Now if there was a sickness or something like that , I mean , you know , you 're not going to lose -- Sure . -- that many . Sure . No that would just be a few . Right . But how about like because of divorce and stuff like that ? Like my parents are divorced , Okay well , and they are both remarried and , you know , there , I mean , there 's , I do n't know . Well , see , then okay , if you wanted them both to come , Yeah . then you would put , you would have put that down on the list and you would have sent , you would have been the one that sent their invitation to them , Yeah . and ask for their information . Yeah . So then , To send back to those other people . I , I 'm kind of like , in control over who comes . Uh , just from my family . Right . Because once it went to the , the oldest people and then they knew who they wanted to invite , Yeah . then , they sent their little things to us . Yeah . Okay , it was up to me , Uh-huh . who I was going to , you know , Right . whether I wanted my kids and , you know , my , any of my family to come . Right . I see . So , I see , that 's a pretty good idea to do it that way . And then , you know , it never did , like if I did n't want somebody to come , then I just would n't send them one of the questionnaires . Uh-huh . So there really was n't a problem that way . Right , right , right . Well , that 's a real good idea . Well , Yeah . but , I tell you what , that 's the neatest book we 've got , I bet . course we 've got , we 've still got it and they charged us , I think it was like , it was like five or six dollars , I ca n't remember -- Uh-huh . -- exactly , you know , Yeah . that we paid for the book to be printed . Yeah . and it 's not , uh , it 's not a hard back book , it 's just a , oh , like a , you know , folder type thing . Uh-huh . But it has the entire , you know , it has everybody that you could ever imagine , How neat . and some you could n't . Yeah , I know , that 's really neat . That 's really neat . and , it will be something my kids will have , you know . Just like , I was just thinking of that . yeah . What you could tell your kids . Because if you stop and think , I do n't know if you 're like me , but I know very little about before my grandparents . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . I mean , very , very little about it . I just , the thing is I know a lot of stories , but I ca n't remember who it was about . My grandparents told us when I was growing up and even when I was an adult they still tell all kinds of stories about their parents and their cousins and their best friends , cause they all grew up in New York City , but I ca n't , you know , I remember these stories but I have no idea who it was that was in those stories . Yeah . So , I mean , I could n't give an accurate , I could n't tell my kids what , you know , those people were like , I just remember they had some funny stories , but I do n't know who it was . Maybe what you could do if you could n't get into a full family reunion , Uh-huh . and you wanted to go back some , but then usually when you find out some information from like your parents , Yeah . then you can find out from , you know , you can find somebody else that can tell you something else about these , 