Okay . Uh , do you own a P C by the way ? I 'm guessing you probably do . I do n't have one in my home here . My , um , parents have one and they live just about three miles away , Oh . so we use that one . I see . And my in-laws also have one , and they 're almost as close . Right . They 're in Richardson . Uh-huh , uh-huh . 

And what kinds of things do you use it for when you us , when you go to their hous- , houses to them ? Um , usually , uh , word processing something , um , such as , oh , forms for things , uh , Yeah . also I have a nine year old that I 've been home schooling for the last three years . Oh . And we got , uh , the one that my parents have is an Apple Two E . Uh-huh . And I have a sister-in-law who is , who works in the Fort Worth school district . Uh-huh . And so she got me copies of , uh , several of the Apple programs -- Great . 

-- for school programs , Yeah . and so we use those and there 's some , whenever we go over and visit grandma the kids love to play the computer game , so , Oh , sure . that 's part of it . Um , my husband has used the one at his folks house for mostly business things . Yeah . Uh , his resume , his , uh , letter , he 's been applying for jobs and things , 

Uh-huh . so that type of thing . Uh , forms for his photography business , Uh-huh . and that kind of thing . Yeah , well , I tell you once you get used to having them you , you get spoiled really quickly . Yeah . Uh , I 'm , uh , my father had a software company , Oh . 

and they have a bunch of computers leftover from that -- Uh-huh . -- and we 're hoping that they can put together something for us here that we can have the word processing , Yeah . here . But , um , they 're kind of old -- Right . -- older so I 'm not sure that we 'll be able to do , get too many other programs for it . Yeah , yeah . Um , I n- , I 'm a , a writer by profession 

and , uh , when , when I was first here in , in Dallas or in Plano , um , and was finally able to , this is , oh , been like fourteen years ago we moved here . And I was finally able to afford a new typewriter , and I got an I B M Selectric . I thought I had died and gone to heaven because , Oh . I thought , oh , they 're so wonderful . I have one of those . Yeah . Well , then , um , Mine 's broke at the moment , but . Yeah , ours really needs to have some work done on it but , but then my husband , um , worked at T I and I got a , um , this has been years ago he does n't work there anymore , but he got a , um , uh , the , the T I professional and brought that home 

and I learned Wordstar on that , Oh . and , boy once that happened , there was just no way that I could ever go back to doing anything of length of the typewriter . Yeah , I learned , I , I learned Wordstar , uh , I did some typing for my father when he had the company -- Uh-huh . -- and so I learned that on there too , that was , Yeah . Have you ever used , do you use WordPerfect ever ? Have you ever used WordPerfect ? Or , I have n't . That 's the one that my father , well , I guess I have used it once or twice . Uh-huh . Uh , it 's the one that 's on my father-in-law 's computer . Right . 

He 's got on I B M . Yeah , yeah . That 's probably where you 've used it . And , uh , so that 's the program that they 're using there . Uh-huh . Yeah . Um , I have that on my , uh , computer here and also , um , I do some work at U T D and , uh , that 's what they have there and it was just so nice to be able just to step into the position and , and already know the langu- , you know , already know the , the software . And , um , I do n't know from my own experience , um , WordPerfect is just so much better than , than Wordstar at least the version of Wordstar that I used to have . It may be improved by now 

but , That 's what I 've heard . Yeah , it 's , uh , Wordstar was never very intuitive to me . I mean you know , you , some of the commands just had nothing to do with , you know , what you were supposed to be doing what they , what they did on the com- , computer but , uh , Uh-huh . 

I mean like going , um , forward and backward a word or up and down a line that sort of thing just , you know , did n't match with the kinds of keys , Yeah , you had to , you were using . memorize it , Yeah . and , And , but WordPerfect is just a lot more intuitive in a lot of ways . 

And you , and it does a lot of things too that if you , if you do any kind of , uh , research or anything like that where you have to , uh , use footnotes , it is just wonderful . Oh . Because it keeps track of all your footnotes . Oh , that 's neat . Yeah , and if you add it , if you put a footnote in , in the middle , you know , if you come up with some new piece of documentation and you put that in the middle of your paper and have to footnote it , you just change , um , it just automatically changes all your footnoting numbers for you . Oh , how wonderful . So , you know , it 's just , 

That , I had heard that that was better . Yeah . That was a better one . Yeah . And I think about how it used to be if you were doing a paper and you had to go back and retype everything , and oh , it was just awful . So , um , I do n't know I think we have just become really spoiled . But I think , Yeah . it 's a nice kind of way to be spoiled . Yeah , I agree . So , um , well , I have not really paid much attention because I 

clock , although I think we 've probably been talking at least ten minutes so , um , if you , um , unless you have some other things you want to talk about as having to do with P C -s . Not too much . What kind of , what kind of things do you write ? Well , um , I was a technical writer for many years , um , Oh . and my husband and I actually met in a computer company . Um , I was a tech writer and he was an engineer . And , uh , so I did tech writing for a number of years . . Go talk to Daddy about it . Excuse me . Oh , sure . Go on and talk to Daddy about it . Tell Daddy I unplugged it for you . But you do n't need to drag it down the hall . Got a problem , huh ? Um , Daddy , Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged . Oh . Trying to figure out what all that was about , huh ? . Yeah . But , um , I have , um , that , that was the majority of my writing although , um , I have also done oh , free lance magazine writing and some educational writing . And , um , for a while I had a , um , uh , a partnership with a , in an advertising agency with another woman who is a , an artist . So I did some advertising and P R but , Huh . um , now I 'm , actually I 'm , I 'm not working anymore . I 'm a student , I 'm a graduate student so I 'm doing a lot of writing but , uh , now all of the sc , scholastic majors though , Yeah . I 've done a little , a lot of different kinds , but I , I just know right now that I could n't have put out half of what I did if that much without the being in computers so that 's been really great . And , uh , I 'm , so I 'm real spoiled . Yeah . I 'm anxious some day to have one here . Yeah . I 'm , and they just talked to the other day other day about setting something up again so -- Uh-huh . Yeah . -- hopefully pretty soon we 'll at least have the word processing . My nine year old I 've decided to teach her how to type -- Good . -- using the computer , so . That 's great . Yeah . Yeah . I 've , Well , those are skills that she certainly w , is going to need early on and , you know , the , That 's right . and it seems like it 's getting earlier and earlier with the children . So , Uh-huh . um , I think that that would be a real , a real , uh , advantage to , to her to have that and , uh , Yeah . do it early , so . Uh , do yo- , d , We 've been , we 've been , uh , writing a story together . Oh , neat . And so I , and I wanted her to put it into the computer , Yes . and then print it out and , Right . make a book with it , you know . Oh , great . And so I decided well , if she 's going to do that , it would be a whole lot easier if she could type . Right . So we 'll slowly learn just to type here and then -- That 's great . -- then put the story in . Well , that 's a , that 's a skill that she can use for the rest of her life , so . Yes , yes . Might as well start now , huh ? . I agree . Well , Nola I have enjoyed talking with you thoroughly . This is really going to be fun I think , Yeah . and , um , my husband is a ham radio operator and I think about all the people that he talks to all over the , 