It seems to me that one of the biggest differences is the computer revolution . Yeah . And , I can very clearly remember ten years ago I was just beginning to explore computerizing my office and , and trying to find out what kinds of computers might be useful and we did end up with , uh , I B M , P C -s , which I now would not have chosen , Really ? But that was before the Macintosh . Yeah . 

And twenty years ago I was , uh , in graduate school pecking out a dissertation on a manual typewriter . Oh , I know it . So I would say that 's one of the largest changes in , at least in my life . Yeah , I , I 've seen that just in the last , uh , even five years how much they 've in , uh , increased in use . Or probably eight years , when I was a freshman in college -- Uh-huh . -- uh , my degree was in computer , uh , technology originally and it seemed like it would , they were just getting out with the , you know , the disks and all that , getting away with the cards , Uh-huh . you know , doing away with the , the programming cards -- Right . -- and , uh , Yeah , thirty years ago I , I had a college job , uh , working as a programmer and we had to write code in binary 

and , uh , have it punched in on those little cardboard cards which , I know . I do n't think exists anymore . No . You never see one of those punch cards anymore . Uh , I think T V has a lot to do with the changes , too . Do n't you ? In , like , people 's attitudes . Well , very possibly . Uh , I 'm not sure in the last ten years it 's been very different from before . Uh , certainly in the last thirty I would say there have been significant changes . Even , even the change from black and white to color television . Yeah . Thirty years ago I guess there were color T V -s , but I sure did n't have access to one . Oh . And , uh , but , twenty years ago , practically everybody had a color T V , and now I think they 're as , almost as many , well , there are more T V -s than households , 

so -- Yeah -- it 's close to getting , uh , one T V per person they say . And now everybody , uh , has V C R -s and two or three V C R -s -- Uh-huh . -- and that kind of thing . Yeah . Certainly ten years ago , uh , V C R -s were just coming on the market so that 's made a significant difference in the way I watch television for instance , because , uh , now I almost never watch a T V program when it 's on . Yeah . I know . I tape it and then watch it when it 's convenient and that way I do n't have to worry about being interrupted . I can just put it on pause . Yeah , and you can , you can flip through the commercials so you do n't have to watch the commercials . Right . That 's always h , convenient . Uh-huh . Yes , you can watch a program in forty-five minutes instead of an hour . You skip the commercials . Uh-huh . So , what was our question about , decline in socio , Was n't the decline so much . I think they just said the changes in , uh , social , social changes in the United States . Yeah . How was life different ten , twenty , or thirty years ago . So , Well , I ca n't really remember back that far , but ten years ago , uh , I do n't know . I 'd say , like in the nineteen seventies you remember how kids would walk around with A M , what do you call those , little A M radios -- Yes . -- and now people have jam box with C D players in them , you know . Yes . That 's certainly , And , a difference . hand held T V -s and car phones . Yeah , that 's another one , yeah , car phones is a good point , and , uh , cellular phones of all types and beepers . Uh , Yeah . ten years ago I was working in a job at a medical center and I had to carry a beeper around and they were kind of bulky and all they did was just , uh , make a beep noise and then you had to go find a telephone and call in to find out what they wanted you for and who you were supposed to call . Uh-huh . These days they have these tiny little things that are only about the size of two or three pencils and they fit in your shirt pocket and they have a little display screen that shows you a message and either tells you a person or a , a phone number to respond to and , Those are cool . Yeah , those are pretty neat . And they have the kind that just vibrates so you can shut them off , Yeah . in a theatre or something and you can still get your messages . Yeah . But , let 's see , social changes , uh , uh , Where do you think it 's , where do you think it 's going to go in twenty years ? I have n't the slightest idea . I was just thinking , though , about a , a huge social change in the last ten years is AIDS . Yeah . It was just beginning to be recognized and noticed ten years ago . I , I know that because I was writing a paper about it . Uh-huh . I was writing a , a journal article . Uh , and they still did n't even know what caused it or anything . And , uh , there was a suspicion , Wow . that it was a virus but nobody had identified it and they were really just going on epidemiological , uh , Uh-huh . uh , guesswork , uh , because the way it was transmitted made it look an awful lot like , uh , hepatitis and then , Yeah . from , from the spread pattern of hepatitis , they could work backwards to the transmission by , uh , blood and semen . And then I , I 'm curious what was your , uh , graduate study in ? Well , I , I was in English as a matter of fact , and -- Oh , wow . -- medieval studies , Uh-huh . uh , but I went to work as an editor and writer , so , uh , uh , the , ten years ago I was working in the medical center , uh , publishing a journal and writing about medical topics . Yeah . And , let 's see , twenty years ago , I guess we 're were just beginning to get into what they were calling the , uh , the sex revolution where , uh -- Yeah . -- after the pill and , uh , uh , freed people up from worries about , uh , illegitimate pregnancy and , I guess in the seventies is the , the time when that was supposed to have exploded . Thirty years ago there was no pill . Uh-huh . You think that 's caused a lot of pressure on , like younger kids today , Yes . to make choices that they probably should n't have to make ? I do . I really do . I have , uh , Yeah . four kids in college right now , children and stepchildren and I know that the expectation for them was , uh , to have sex and , much earlier , Uh-huh . than the expectation when I was in college . Yeah . In my day , we talked quietly behind our hands about people that we suspected might be , Yeah . sleeping with their boyfriends . Yeah . But , they certainly did n't expect everybody to and it was really only , uh , acceptable if you were engaged and planning to get married in , in the relatively near future . Uh-huh . And I certainly know from talking to my stepdaughter that girls in high school were under a whole lot more pressure nowadays . Oh , yeah . It 's kind of scary when I think of what will happen in twenty years , you know , when I have kids and they 're grown and , uh , just kind of some of the changes that will happen even more so . And I guess the answer , Seems like it ca n't get much worse . is , is , stay flexible because nobody can predict what 's going to happen in twenty years . Yeah . I certainly would n't have been able to twenty years ago tell you what , uh , my kids were likely to be like . Course , one of them was just a , a , a brand new baby twenty years ago , so -- Uh-huh . -- I sure would n't have been able to predict for him . Um . And some of the other ones were n't born . Yeah . So , sounds like America 's going to become even more communication society with faxes and cellular phones and -- Yeah . -- worldwide communication and , Electronic mail . Yeah . I just got on that this past , about a year ago and that 's made a difference in the way I do my job because it 's so much easier to get hold of people and get quick answers to things . Yeah . Even when they 're on another continent . It 's pretty wild . Yeah . Even , you know , that reminds me , Federal Express was around ten years ago , but it was used as kind of an extreme emergency -- Uh-huh . -- and nowadays people use Fed Ex , all the time . Yeah . Sure do . Huh . People do seem to travel more . It 's much more common for people , even teenagers to be going to Europe and South America and , Yeah . Asia . Uh , I was almost thirty before I got off this continent . Yeah . And , uh , both my kids had been abroad when they were still in high school . Yeah . I know that 's what , uh , what my family was talking when I picked up and moved to Texas from Indiana and they were like , well , you know , twen- , thirty years ago we would n't have done that , you know . Uh-huh . And , uh , especially come home every couple months . Yeah . You know , and , 