Um , what do you think the major cause of air pollution or at least in the Boston areas , Well , the , the , the major cause it seems up here is exc- , I live right on the ocean so it 's kind of hard for me to tell what would happen if I lived in some of the valleys inland , Uh-huh . but the major cause here , and we always seem to , and it seems to be validated by the press , is the car pollution . 

We do n't have too much industrial pollution . Yeah , yeah . 

Uh , car pollution seems to be the one and only thing that , that I can really put my finger on here . Um , that is n't the same in the Washington area because we do n't have any major , um , industry except for , uh , government and services . And the , the transportation situation is such that , uh , all the car pollution is , is absolutely awful . Um , also the worth of the hub of three airports in this general area there is , uh , National , Dulles , and then , uh , Baltimore , Washington . And it , 

interestingly some of the information I 've been reading indicates that the amount of air pollution from , uh , uh , airplanes is extraordinary . Is that so ? Yeah , I did n't know that . and that 's always something that , you know , you just do n't real , you do n't think about . Well , most people talk about the noise pollution from airplanes rather than the air pollution . But the , uh , 

apparently the air pollution and the fact that it 's delivered right up in high altitudes -- Yeah . -- is a very significant factor . I would think so . You know , uh , i- , I guess it talked about all types of pollution . I happen to r , just read something the other day at least in the Boston paper there were three things that , that come to note . One , is that the carbon fluorides that are , uh , being released into the atmosphere are causing even a larger hole in the southern hemisphere in the ozone layer and again and now they 've located another one or la- , rather an expanding one in the northern hemisphere . So car- , so I 'm quite concerned . 

I do n't think it 's involved any longer with , with , uh , hair sprays or those th- , Yeah . Yeah . No , I think it 's now , is what , uh , from what I understand it 's air conditioning units 

and , and , Uh-huh . we certainly turned into an air conditioned -- -- society . Yeah , I know in Florida there 's no place you go that is n't air conditioned , and I do quite a bit of business in Washington . And , I mean you know what it 's like here . Oh , yeah , it 's quite , is , is the un- , it 's really out of the norm not to find something that is n't air conditioned . 

And , Yeah , yeah , yeah . and I guess refrigerators , We just had the , are the same way . They release that . That 's right . So , solutions to this , Yeah . would be I , I , Well , you know , improved . Well , I guess the fur , the , to me the first thing is I wish society would get as upset about this as you do get , getting people upset about animal rights . Yeah . I mean this is so , so basic . It 's human rights in the sense , but , uh , in terms of demanding , it 's just not caused 

but demanding that , uh , we can spend so much money on certain things but that research really be directed toward , um , improvement of polluting vehicles , and not just cars but also buses , um , planes . That something can be done . I me- , I ca n't imagine that well , Well , I , I th- , if we ca n't send people to the moon , Yeah . that we ca n't improve these things . No , I think that it can be done simply because , uh , uh , we 've , we 've , every car now in America that 's been produced for the past fifteen years has what they call a catalytic converter . Converter , yeah , uh-huh . And no lead gas was , came to the pumps . And , and that 's been done . 

There 's the lead pollution has , that problem , essentially I guess because it was at crisis proportions was , Uh-huh . was licked . And I think that there are th- , there are solutions , And that MUMBLEx for buses , certainly we do n't even need a , need a research anymore . It 's just a matter of passing the law , 

and passing the law depends on how heavy the car industry , the automobile lobby is . That 's right . Well , and also to make it economically feasible . That 's right . That 's right . Uh , and per- , ti- , also in buses . I do n't know if you ever got caught in a traffic jam behind a bus , Oh , yeah , well , That , you know , That , that , the , the smell is awful and but , you know , I was reading the other day not to go on with this but that , Uh-huh . Yeah . diesel fumes actually have less pollutants in them than gasoline fumes . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So , I guess you 're better off sitting behind a bus than a car although I can never , I could never , uh , really a- , a- , rationalize that while I was sitting there . Yeah , but even , of course , in the longer term just to get away from fossil fuels . 

Yeah . I mean , I 'm , I 'm thinking of research in that direction rather than we , we 've taken the intermediate step but I do n't think , Well , we , you know -- fossil fuels are the answer . -- up here in New England , uh , where I 've , right close to where I live is the Seabrook Nucleus site which is , Uh-huh . practically a , you know , guerilla war up here , Yes I me , went on for years . Uh , my daughters marched in the , uh , uh , against the Seabrook 

and I kind of , uh , my feelings were that we needed this bridge to , Yeah . to , uh , to m- , m- , jump from whatever it was going to be , from fossil fuel to whatever it was going to be . Yeah , you do n't throw the baby out with the bath water , Yeah . and condemning nuclear use . Un- , unfortunately though I think the oil companies have lied to us for years . Yeah , yeah . So we really do n't know whether there 's enough fossil fuel left or there is n't , and , uh , and , uh , But with the pollution issue , uh , fossil fuel is not the way to go anyway . No . Uh , so you 've , to lo , you 've got to look elsewhere . Yeah . So , uh , but it is something that 's a little frightening and in fact , well , I , within our family we have said , my husband , I have two sons , uh , well , one is already in college in New England , Yeah . and the other will be going in September , and we just feel that when we leave , uh , this area , w- , we 're going north , not south . Yes . Uh , I like the mentality north , and I also like the fresher air up there . That 's right . So , I mean that 's the way we will be going . Yeah . But , um , so , I , i- , I 'd be interested in having spoken with somebody also from the far west on this issue to see how they , their attitudes are . Well , since , since Texas and Louisiana and , uh , California that , in that ranking order , the worst pollutants in America . Uh-huh . I mean , I read that the other day . I mean Louisi- , Louisiana for a small state w- , it was amazing but it 's the industrial pollution I should imagine . Uh-huh . And California seems to be taking steps , I mean , you , you read about the , the fairly , The smog and , yeah . fairly stiff laws they put in on cars now they 're , they 're enforcing . Uh-huh , yeah . But , uh , again , uh , that did n't occur without a crisis . Nothing will occur , I guess , without a crisis . I mean , even California was notorious for its smog years ago , Yeah , exactly . before it even was an issue , Exactly . out here . Well , the greatest thing that happened to pollution in the last couple of years as far as I 'm concerned , is the no smoking rules , on airplanes and in restaurants . And it , it really is a pleasure for me , although , I guess smokers do n't think that . But that , Well , that , that 's , to me was pollution MUMBLEx , that 's person , that 's personal air pollution . that was its most personal , Yes , yes . personal , uh , pollution that I can think of . Yeah , well , I , I , d- , definitely advance that . Well , listen I enjoyed speaking with you . Surely . And let 's hope some , there are other people that feel the same way . MUMBLEx something happen . Right on , thank you . You 're welcome . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 