How do you feel about gun control ? Well , uh , I mean I do n't think that guns should be outlawed -- Um . -- but it 's going to , a lot of the stuff that , I mean all you do is to get guns -- Uh-huh . -- and then like with the stuff of that massacre in Killeen , Texas not too long ago , Uh-huh . 

But I do n't really know , I mean , unless they do , uh , just outlaw them , how you can , uh , prevent that . Well , do n't you think that you know , just having , you know , some , you know almost like a driver 's license be required you know with stiff penalties if you are found with , with you know a gun that is not registered or you know that you are not licensed to carry . Yeah , that , well do you even know what the procedures are now ? Um . There is no national , But , it 's kind of like if you want a gun you can get a gun , especially if you have the money to pay for it . Uh , in most States as long as you are n't a convicted felon . Yeah . You know or on probation or , uh , you know , other obvious things like that . Uh , and I know , I know that like in a lot of states you could , you could be just like released from a mental hospital the day before . You know , be , be obviously insane , 

and then , you , you know but have your legal right to get a gun . Huh . I did n't know that . Well , that 's pretty scary . So , does , now do they want us to say where we feel about it , like in rating it one to ten . Uh , yeah , I 'd probably , I 'd probably say about a five . That 's where I would probably be . Seems like it 's a good safe number to pick , you know . Well , I mean , I mean I do n't really know what they can , how they can really enforce the laws any better -- Uh-huh . 

-- because I mean I do think that some people need them and , like , for protection and stuff -- Uh-huh . -- and I can understand them wanting to have them , but then again it 's just like all those nuts out there . Well , you know , uh , uh , no- , if you are looking at like you know country that , uh , where they do have a lot more gun control , like England and places like that , you know the amount of violent crime has decreased by so much . It has ? Because then , Well I mean yeah . The , uh , the in comparing per capita murders are incredibly lower than the United States . Um . 

Uh , you know , I mean , the problem though , you know , they , if the , since the United States had this , you know , pretty much unrestricted flow of guns going for so long that I think , you know , if you were introduced , you know , any controls , it would probably take a long while for them to take effect just because there is a glut of guns out there already . Yeah . You know , so it 's , it 's really kind of a complex problem . Well , is the crime that bad there in Atlanta ? Uh , I 'm not really sure how bad it is . I 've , I 've not really had that many problems with it , 

but I mean apparently we , we were ranked pretty high up . Yeah I know Dallas is . Uh . I mean , I think , you know , in the te- , 

I mean I think we have been like ranked in one of the top three for murders in the last few years . I do n't know if Dallas is in the top three -- Uh-huh . -- but . Do you own a gun ? No . I 've thought about getting one . If I get one , I think I will probably , you know , get something . I probably would n't get a hand gun . I would probably get like a shotgun . Just for protecting myself . You know , from -- Uh-huh . -- burglar type thing . I do kind of live in the downtown area . Yeah . You know and shotguns are really good because they 're , 

I mean somebody is not going to break in , steal it , and you know , use it to mug someone , you know . That 's true . Uh , and you know , you , yeah , I just do n't understand these people , you know , like when they , they decide they 're going to buy a gun to protect themselves . They go out and buy a three fifty seven magnum which is going to shoot through you know , they are probably going to miss the person 

and , and they 're going to shoot through five wall , and hit someone , you know . I mean a shotgun just really struck me as being you know a real good defensive weapon . You can sort of point it somewhere in the direction of -- Yeah . -- you know whoever . You pretty much stop them . And , you do n't , then the actual shot does n't go that far , you know , a wall will stop it pretty much . and , uh , my Dad gave me a gun -- Uh-huh . -- but I never did go out and practice with it enough to feel comfortable with it -- Uh-huh . -- so I finally ended up giving it back to him . I said I do n't want it . I do n't want to be responsible for it because -- Uh-huh . -- you know if you 're not going to teach me how to do it -- Uh-huh . -- and if I am not going to , you know , be responsible enough to go out and learn , I do n't need it . Yeah , that , that really does scare me . People , you know , that have guns because you know , if you ever get in the situation where you know you are not prepared to shoot , but you pick up the gun and point it at the person -- Yeah . -- that , that person rushes you . And they get it from you . And you know , you 're pretty much dead you know . Uh-huh . Because you , you 've just told the person that you , you 're about to kill them then , Set them off . You know and , and , well I mean , you , you basically made it clear to the person that you know unless he , unless , you know that you are a real danger to them and then you know if you , if they manage to get the gun from you , you know their first reaction is going to be you know , stop you . Yeah , well that 's why I ended up giving it back to him . I thought well -- Uh-huh . -- you know . I do n't want it if I do n't know how to oper , you know , if I do n't really know how to use it -- Uh-huh . -- and I just did n't want the responsibility . Um . So . Well , uh , did you hear about that Killeen massacre or whatever ? Yeah , the , did it happen at a cafeteria or something ? Yeah , right . That kind of -- Uh-huh . -- I mean it just makes you wonder how people get guns . I would be scared selling guns to people . 