Okay . We 're talking about capital punishment . Right . How do you feel about that Lenore ? I am very much for capital punishment . Well , wonderful . I am too , one hundred percent . My Dad retired from the federal prison of bureaus . Uh-huh . And I 've been raised around prison -- All your life . -- prisons all my life . Uh-huh . And I believe if you do n't have a punishment befitting the crime , there 's -- There 's no deterrent . -- not any deterrent . That 's right . There 's just no deterrent . That 's right . And so many of those kind of people , they got , they have a better life in prison than they have on the street anyway 

so , you know , unless they really make it rough on them that 's not a , going to prison for a little while is not much of a deterrent I do n't think . Especially not a federal prison . Right . Well , I do n't know what Oklahoma 's laws are but Texas 's I do n't know are , I do n't know it 's , it 's no one 's f- , I mean it 's not the judge 's fault I do n't think . It 's just the way the law is down here . 

Man our cr- , our , uh , prisons are so crowded that , uh , they can commit some pretty serious crimes and be set free within a year to two . Well , see we were under , uh , the state 's prisons were under a mandate to , uh , it was over crowded and the federal came in and said , hey , you know , you have either got to build more prisons or let people go . Well , that 's what ours did , same thing . 

And finally our governor at the time which who is not in office now came in and said , okay , where we draw the line is no sex offenders will be let loose . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Under early bail , you know -- Uh-huh . -- or early , uh -- Uh-huh . -- get out . Uh-huh . But , uh , we have , the death penalty is not given often . Huh-uh . But there have been w- , It 's not here either really . And you know , I , maybe it should be , uh , well , it should be given , you know , I , I wo n't say sparingly , but I do believe it should be befitting the crime . I do too and , and you know , but the way the courts are set up they 've , they 've got so many chances for appeal , but I think th- , I think it needs to be expedited . 

You know if they 've been convicted and given an appeal and they 're still convicted of , of a crime that 's deserving of , of a lethal injection , let 's do it and not waste so many years to do it . Right . Of course , you know , they 're , they 're entitled to a speedy trial . That 's right . But then they 're , they 're also entitled to drag it through the courts -- Uh-huh . 

-- for years and years -- Uh-huh . -- and years on appeals . So -- Yeah . -- somehow , you know , it does n't really balance out too much . That 's right . Somehow it just does n't , it works and then again it takes too long for it to work . And it seems even though , you know , that they got , the prisoner himself can come to the point that , hey , I 'm tired . I just want out . Uh-huh . You know , I 'm tired of fighting it . Uh-huh . 

Then the system just keeps on . Uh-huh , yeah . Yeah , it equ- , And at that point you know I , I really think there needs to be maybe a shorter appeal process . I do too . I think that needs to , and I do n't see why it could n't be shortened considerably . 

But , you know , Well , part of that is the overcrowding of the court system . Yea- , that 's true . It is overcrowded because there 's so much drug , uh , problem with the people on drugs because that ha- , they , with the drugs they 're , they 're robbing and killing and , uh , that 's why it 's filled the prisons up so much I think . Uh , it does n't , it does n't help them any at all -- No , it does n't . -- and , of course , your court system when you get into the appeals , I do n't believe criminal is in a court by itself . And the whole judicial system is backed up with a lot of junk that should n't be in there . Yeah , that 's true . With all these lawsuits and people suing people over ridiculous things but , We 've gotten into a very litigious , uh , type of life . Boy , have n't that we though . We really have . But anyway I 'm glad to hear that you agree with me on the capital punishment . Well , I just , I 'm , I 'm very muchly for it . Always have been ,  always will be . I just feel like their crime and punishment and if , if you do n't have the punishment , you double your crime . And the , you know , that is just personal feeling . It 's not going on facts . I think -- It could be supportive . It , it 's -- -- the facts would probably back it up but , -- it 's supported with facts though . What ? It could very easily be supported with facts . Well , yes . I , 