Okay , so I guess it starts recording now . Okay . Okay . I do n't know , really know that much about the recycling in this area that we 're in . We live in the Saginaw area . Saginaw ? Uh-huh . And I 'm not real familiar with , uh , anything that , I , 

fact as far as I know , the school does n't have any kind of programs or anything out here . And , uh , or the grocery store or anything -- Really ? -- in this area , yeah . The rec- , we live in Plano and they started off recycling by , uh , putting the , I think at each Wal-Mart , they had some recycling dumpsters and things like that , which now , I guess the , uh , city is , has bought the big green trash cans and , uh , we , they have a recycling truck that comes around now and you separate your glass and paper -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , aluminum and you set it out and they pick it up and it , it works real neat . 

They seem to be having a real good response . Really ? So , That is pretty good . I 'm , we 're originally from another state and I know in the state we were from that they did that t- , similar type thing . The city brought ought , you know , set tr- , separate trash cans and you separated your stuff and you put it in there and they took it , you know . Did they , did they , like on bottles , did they give you a so many cents back for -- 

I do n't really know . -- for cans even or , I do n't really know , they , they started after we moved down here and so -- Yeah . -- I , I 'm not really familiar . I just know that , uh , my in-laws up in , up in Oklahoma , that 's how they do , you know , they pick it up , but I do n't know if they get a , get anything back on it 

or , do you get money for it ? No , I just , I noticed it Iowa and other cities like that , it 's a nickel per aluminum can . Oh . So you do n't see too many thrown out around the streets . Really . Or even bottles . You know , all kinds of bottles they , they , they really charge people to , I guess when you purchase them and , and then when you turn them back in . Right . I n- , I remember the old days as a kid where bottle was a nickel . Right . And now , now most of them are throwaway . Right . So , maybe that 's one thing they can do . I think now they 're a lot more expensive than that . Uh , I bought some Cokes the other day in the br- , the little bottles -- 

Uh-huh . -- you know , and I think the bottles were like , I know they were at least ten cents apiece . I started to see , at home , I was like , God , how much were those bottles you know ? Yes . And , it was , they come in like , uh , eight and , and eight and ten packs , you know -- Right . -- instead of six packs and , uh , and they were like , it was like two dollars and something for the bottles . You know , I was like God Almighty , it costs more for the bottles than it did for the Cokes . That was my brother 's first job in a grocery store . He was in the bottle area . In the bot- , MUMBLEx . It 's pretty dangerous out there , you know , when they fall over , but -- Right . -- but it 's , uh , it 's quite , they say that the green glass now , that there 's a big glut -- Oh , really ? -- of green -- Of green glass . -- the green glass , yeah . It 's amazing . Well , out in this area , they really do n't have anything . Now , I know that like Minyard 's -- Uh-huh . -- and places like that around like Arlington and Fort Worth and a lot of those grocery stores , they have like four different bins out front . Right . Uh , different colors for different things and , and things like that , but I , I do know some of these places were doing that and they discontinued them because people were coming and dumping their trash in them . Right . Yeah it 's , I notice the plastic have sort of faded away , the milk jugs . Yeah . It , it 's , people just , they , they really do n't , uh , there 's too much labor involved I guess to separate the stuff . Yeah , more than it 's worth . It 's , I do n't know , it , it can be , it 's not as easy , selecting , you know , clean junk as they say . Right . Well , who wants to clean their junk before they throw it away . That 's right , that 's right . It 's like washing the dishes before you put them in the dishwasher . Right , uh , yeah . We all do it . Well , it was nice talking to you . It was nice talking to you . I have no idea how long this is supposed to last or anything . Oh , I think , I think two or three minutes is -- I- , -- fine . Is that it ? Yeah . Okay , well , it was nice talking to you and I , I guess I 'll do this for , I was doing this for , actually , I was going to do it for my son so that he could , uh , he , he 's in high school , so that he could make some money . Right . Uh , but then it has my name on it , so I 'm like , okay , I 'll sit down here and call it . Well , we 're doing it for a church choir so , Oh , are you ? Yeah . Oh , that 's interesting . So , That 's nice . Well , Well , thank you . Thank you . Bye . Bye-bye . 