Okay , Deanna , uh , on capital punishment in our state , they give the death penalty for shooting of a policeman , Uh-huh . and I believe also in shooting of , uh , rape , I mean killing a rape victim . Uh-huh . I mean someone in the process of rape , and I do n't know what el- , I do n't really remember what else . Uh-huh . But . How do yo- , wh- , what do you think about it . I think it 's justified . Yeah , yeah . Very much so . I agree , I , I , agree , you know , I , 

I think it should be in other cases other than just shooting a policeman . Yeah , oh , I do too , I do too . I mean , I think they 're doing their duty , but I think if they 're going to come out and kill somebody else then they deserve it . They ought to get it for killing a civilian just as easily as a policeman . That 's right , I agree . Yeah . I agree . Uh , I heard something on the news the other night they were talking about , uh , oh , I know what it was , it was in our , in our little local paper , our little Lewisville paper that comes out twice a week on the front page every week , uh , there 's a little thing at the bottom tha , it 's like a call in survey that says , you know , do you think so and so , and then you call this number and you press like one for yes and two for no . Right , uh-huh . 

And one of the things , the questions the other day , this last paper , and I have n't seen the results of it , I 'm anxious to , was do you think that , um , capital punishment ought to apply to drug dealers . Oh I think , Which I thought was a real interesting question . Right , right , did you see SIXTY MINUTES tonight , by any chance ? No , I did n't , huh-uh . Well , they were showing a segment on a man in Philadelphia that 's going after the drug dealers . He 's just a civilian , he 's a black man , Uh-huh . and he just got fed up with it . Uh-huh . And he said he 's had his house broken into and windows smashed and his car stolen three times and everything , trying to ge- , keep him quiet , Uh-huh . but he 's organizing people , 

and they 're going out and marching on the corners and takin , taking back their territory . You know , I think that 's what it 's going to take , though . I think so , I think , I really do . Oh , yeah , it 's going to take , uh , you know , 

the police , I think , I do n't think can do it , can do it alone , you know . That 's right , I think you 're right . It 's going to take , uh , it 's going to take all of us getting together , I 'm sorry , I 'm trying to , my kid is asking for a kiss and a hug so he can go to bed . It 's going to take all of us , you know getting together and just saying , Right . we are not going to take it any more . We wo n't allow this in our neighborhood . That 's right , that 's right . And it said they 're going to other neighborhoods from there , Uh-huh . and then quite often they 'll get shot , Uh . because they 're horning in on somebody else 's territory . That 's right , that 's right , uh . I think they said forty-one had been shot out of one church in the last year . Oh my gosh . The only thing about the death penalty and , and I know that , that they try to be careful and they try to be sure but these people are on death row for like twenty years , you know . Right , I know it . An- , you know if , if , you know I , I think to be , you know being convicted is one thing , you know , and that 's , and that 's great if they 're con , if they 're sentenced to death , to me you could not sentence them to death unless , the case was for sure . I mean it ha- , Well it goes all through the st- , it goes all through the state supreme court system before they 're , Right , right , by the time it gets there and they 've been convicted and then they 've been sentenced to death , they 're sure . I mean there 's no doubt , I mean , I , Uh-huh , then it should happen , yeah . there can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind , there has to be no shadow of a doubt to get that penalty . That 's right . So once , they 've gotten the penalty and there is no doubt , do it , you know , just , Right . I don , I guess , I mean that may sound , that sounds cold , but gosh , you know , we 're keeping , you know we 're , we 're keeping these men in prison for fifteen or twenty years on death row , Uh-huh , that 's right . and not doing anything with them , and it 's costing us a heck of a lot of money and that 's terrible to look at it that way , but . Yeah it is , I know but that , that 's the way it is . Ye- , if the crime was bad enough that they were sentenced to death , then do it , you know , uh . We had one in Virginia that was sentenced to death and the execution was to have taken place a few weeks ago , I do n't know if there was anything in your paper about it . I did n't notice it , huh-uh . And there was a lot of protest , even Robert Redford , you know , was protesting this guy 's execution . Gosh , yeah . So the governor backed down and I was so mad . Oh , man . The crime was horrible , his crime was just horrible . Yeah , and those kind of people , I 'm sorry , you do n't reform them , you know , No , I do n't think , I really beli , you do n't . Huh-uh . If they 're the kind of people that commit these , excuse me , grotesque crimes and have done it over and over and over again , you do n't reform those kind of people . Huh-uh , and being under the influence of drugs is no excuse to me . No , no , and I do n't know , the same thing goes with some of these insanity pleas , you know . Right , yeah . Well , if you 're insane enough that you can go cut twelve people up into little bitty pieces and bury them in your back yard , then are y- , can , can you be helped , you know , I have , I have my doubts , you know . That 's right , yeah , yeah , I do too . I , you know , I do n't know , I think there 's a point , some of these plea bargains and all this kind of stuff that they do , it 's just , it just gets out of hand , Right . and I understand that , you know , that , you know , my husband and I , Was n't it Lewisburg that had a lot of , uh , bad things happening just in the last couple of weeks , or was it not . No . No . No , huh-uh . Mayb- , it was , I think it was the south east area , Oh , really . from Dallas . My daughter , Yeah . my daughter lives down in Rowlett and she was telling me about it . Oh really . Yeah . Yeah . Uh , I ca n't remember what the town was , some little area . We 've had several here lately and , it , there were several of them in North Dallas and then it started kind of happening a couple of places in South Dallas and that 's maybe what you were talking about . Men breaking in , uh , to houses and taking , or a man , they , they think it 's the same person , taking , uh , little girls right straight out of their beds at night . Oh gosh . And , ku- , you know , breaking in , obviously watching them in the house , And that 's the last they se- , because they 're breaking into the right window , Yeah . you know , the little girl 's bedroom . Oh , gee . And taking them out , putting them in a car and driving them out and taking them out and molesting them and then bringing them back and throwing them back in their own front yards . Is that right . Yes , that is happened , I had n't heard about that . I think there 's been , I think there 's been like six or seven of them , Gosh . over the last like probably eight or nine months . They do n't kill them ? They just mo- , They do n't kill them , no . Gosh . They 've tak- , and they 're all like , um , like ni- , anywhere from nine to twelve years old , I think is what they 've been . Gosh . And he 's taken them and , and raped them and then brought them right back and just kind of thrown them out of the car in their front yard . Boy that 's scary , is n't it . Oh , can you imagine , because it , it happens in the middle of the night , so the parent , Yeah . you know , these parents did n't know this , the , the kid was gone until the kid is knocking on the door screaming , let me in . Oh , boy . You know , can you imagine . Yeah , you would n't even dare put these signs in the win- , little emblems in the window saying child in this room , in case of fire , you know . Have you seen those ? Shoo- , I , you know , I 've got one of those in Brian 's room . Yeah . I never even thought about that . God , maybe I 'll take it out . Yeah . I had n't even thought about it . That 's terrible . Yeah , it is . Well it 's really bad that you have to be , you know , we , we were over at a neighbor 's tonight and , Bri- , my little boy is on- , is just a little over two and their little boy is like five , you know , so there 's a big difference , Uh-huh . and they were playing in the back yard and we were getting ready to leave and I went out in the back yard to get Brian and the boys were gone and the back fence was open . Oh , gosh , oh gosh . MUMBLEx , you know . Yeah . And she did n't act like it bothered her at all , oh , this happens all the time . And we walked through the fence out , the alleys , ar- , come to the back of the house , you know . Uh-huh , yeah . And wal- , and I looked down both directions of the alley and I saw neither one of them and , uh . Oh . And she was like oh God , he does this all the time , you know , where are you . Oh boy . you know , screaming , J D And you know , And he 's five ? my heart was in my throat , Shoo , I guess so . you know , and , uh , he , Brian was two houses down . Gee . You know , and he , you know , I do n't know , I know . Parents around here just let their kids run everywhere , and I just ca n't do that . Yeah , there was a little girl picked up in Rowlett from , uh , from her front yard and her dad was working in the back yard , and had just left her few minutes in the front yard and somebody apparently drove up and took her and they never saw her again . Oh , man , this is too scary , Yeah . that is just too scary . You know , I let Brian play here in the back yard and we 've got , there 's two gates that go into the back yard and we 've got one of those big eight foot privacy fences . Right , uh-huh . And one of the gates has a padlock on it and then the other gate just has one of those slide bar things , but it 's on the inside , Uh-huh . it 's , you know , you 'd have to cli , like come over , they 'd have to come over the fence , they could not open a gate , you know . Uh-huh . And I still feel a little uneasy about him playing back there . Right , yeah . You know , I mean , if I do n't hear him playing , I mean , I , I get up and come out and look out the window real often , you know , so . And watch , yeah , yeah I do n't blame you . It 's really scary that you have to be that scared about your kids but , Uh-huh . I mean you do , better safe than sorry . And if they find who 's doing that to those little girls , as far as I 'm concerned he could , He could fry . fry . Yes , to put it very bluntly , he could fry , Yeah . yes , yes . Because sometimes there are crimes worse than murder . Right . You know , Yeah . I , and I believe that , and this is one of them . Yeah . Because these little girls will never be the same . Huh-uh , that 's terrible . Never be the same , so , I do n't know , it 's , it 's really scary and I do n't know what to , I do n't know what needs to be done , you know it seems like there 's no room in jails to put them in jail and when they do put them in there , you know , we- , I 'm taking a business law class at night and the guy that teaches it is a practicing criminal attorney and , Oh , gosh . so he comes in and tell us all these bizarre cases , you know and he said you can pretty much , you know if you ever get on a jury , you know , you 're not told this , but if you ever get on a jury you can pretty much guess , whatever you sentence them to , they 're going to serve about a quarter . It 's going to be reduced , right , uh-huh . They 'll serve , they 'll serve a quarter of it , Yeah . so , if you want them to stay in prison for fifteen years , do n't sentence them to fifteen years , sentence them to a hundred . Yeah . You know , because then they 'll serve fifteen or twenty , so . Yeah . Which is really , I do n't know , It 's just not , it just does n't seem right . No , it does n't , it does n't . They just get out , you know , there was a thing on , Well what are we going to do about it ? How , I mean how can it be changed . I do n't know . Unless the legislature will do something and they do n't seem to , That 's the thing , ag- , we 're just going to have to adopt a completely different attitude , Uh-huh . and we 're going to have to say , if you commit this crime and if we 're sure you commit this crime , you are going to be sentenced to death period , Yeah . period , and do it , you know . Yeah . And if you commit this crime , you will be in prison for the rest of your life . Right . We 're not going to say we 're going to put you there for the rest of your life and let you out in fifteen years , we 're really going to do it , you know . It 's just the system has just , an- , and I understand they 're doing it because the prisons are full , but somewhere we 've got to come up with some money to build , to build more , Right , I think so . you know , and keep these people in them , you know . Yeah , I think it would be worth it everybody wo- , Well , I was watching a show about this the other night and , you know , they were like in a , I think it was on FORTY-EIGHT HOURS . 