Okay , what kind of car are you thinking about buying next ? Well , what a wh- , what do we currently have , I have a Subaru , uh , G O X T . What year ? Eighty-eight . Oh , okay . Well , I have a ninety Honda Civic , and I 'm ready to get rid of it . Actually , Oh , it 's not pretty old . No , uh , well , I ha , I had an eighty-eight that I really liked and it got wrecked , and so I bought a ninety , um , because I , I really liked my eighty-eight and I 've had a lot of problems with this one , 

so , So , you think their quality control 's going down over there , kind of ? Well , you , it 's , it 's kind of funny , um , I know a lot , Well , I , I , I think we 're going to see that I think , uh , that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit , Oh . while American carmakers are trying to get their , Yeah . put together , so . It 's , it 's true , 

it 's definitely true because , But , but that 's one reason I , uh , I 've had no problems with my Subaru , that 's one reason I went with it because I , Subaru had a good reputation , uh , for , you know , low maintenance , so . Yeah , well , Honda does too , that 's why I was really , Well , really , there 's , there 's no question but you have a nineteen , I mean , I 've got to see if , 

I mean , I 've seen and I 've had friends that have , uh , like , uh , eighty-one or eighty , uh , Celicas , Uh-huh . and those things just keep ticking . Yeah . I mean , they just , they can rack up a , a hundred fifty K on them , That 's true . and they 're still beating on them , That 's true . and it 's just amazing and then they got , 

and you know they 're not making them like that now , d- , d- , you know , No , so , not at all . but they 're still , they 're still a lot , I think , definitely better than the American carmaker system . Oh , I , I definitely agree with you there , , because I had , uh , uh , uh , Ford T Bird before I got my Honda , and it was the worst car I 've ever owned , Yeah . and , um , that 's why , I mean , I was so tickled with my Honda it was just a wonderful car and then it got wrecked and , you know , I would n't even look at another car , Yeah . I just went and bought a Honda , I mean , I did n't even , I did n't look around or anything I just said that this is what I want , , and I really have had a lot of problems with it , 

but I do n't know . Well , maybe you need to unload it on somebody el- , . Well , I 'll probably hold on to it since it 's still under warranty but in the first twelve months that I owned it , it was in the shop an average of about once a month , , 

it was in the shop about twelve times the first twelve months . Yeah , that 's a lot . Yeah , it was , I was really disappointed because I was , you know , so , hyped up on Honda , so . Oh , well . Yeah . Anyway , so , what 's your next purchase supposed to be ? Well , I know this , Oh , really , if you had a choice of your car , what would you get ? Well , it 's , this is going to sound really strange , , but I really like to have a Mazda M P V van , , I really like those and I have kids , 

so . I 'm not sure I 'm real familiar with the body style on that . They 're a lot , I do n't like the new style , like of the Toyota van , Uh-huh . and the , the new Chevy Lumina van , Uh-huh . I do n't like those styles , um , the M P V is more of , uh , uh , just , uh , I do n't know what you , normal , , I do n't know how to explain , more of an old fashioned type . I , I 'm not sure how to explain it , Yeah . I mean it looks , I guess , kind of like , uh , the Chevy Aerostar or Arrow , Yeah . no , what Astro , Astro , I guess , Oh , okay , yeah . is what it , something like that , but I used to really like the looks of the M P V because it looks more like a mini van rather than I think , Do you have , uh , do you have a family ? Yeah , I have a couple kids . Okay , 

well , that 's probably influenced maybe a little bit . Oh , yeah , , definitely . But , I know that it 's got to have a radio , it 's got to have air conditioning , , I 'm sure you can , uh , relate to air conditioning . Oh , yeah . Um , living in Arizona , but , and cruise control and tinted windows , that 's about it , . I mean , it 's got to have those things , otherwise , I do n't care . Yeah , well , when I bought my car , it was right out of college and , uh , you know , I always been looking for something sporty and I ended up getting , you know , basically something that I could , you know , afford . Uh-huh . The only gripe I have is performance . I probably , uh , a few girls that I 've gone out with , I 've had , uh , like Mazda R X sevens and stuff and they 're , they 're pretty fun to drive , 

so , Yeah . so , I think that 's what , uh , I , I 'm going to have to get next time around , Oh , really ? I keep , I keep hold , holding off and then I could , I could upgrade now if I wanted to but I just , I , it 's just such a huge expense and , and , uh , I , I 'm just going to keep holding off 

but I 'm definitely going to look for something , uh , in the , you know , nice , perpor- , Sports car . you know , I 'd like to have a sports car too , but it 's not practical for me , but , Yeah . I 'm in , are you still there ? Yeah . Whoops . There 's some kind of problems . Hello , Hello . are you still there ? Okay . This is , something 's wrong . Wonder what happened . I do n't know , it sounds funny though , does n't it ? Huh , anyway , Huh . um , but I 'll probably , um , it just depends , I know that 's what I want , but I do n't know if I 'll get myself to spend that kind of money , you 're looking at , you know , for a new R X seven or , a Supra or something , 

you 're looking at twenty-five K or something , Oh , at least , yeah , that like and so , I know , anyway but , well , new cars are n't cheap anyway , but , Anyway my ultimate car though , the , the one that I really want is , uh , five sixty or so , Mercedes , so , Huh . maybe someday . Yeah , 

we have , we all have those kind of dreams too , do n't we ? Yeah . What I 'd really like to have , That 's the only one that I , you know , I se- , you know , I see , uh , you know , early on that , that , that says , , it says , you there ? Yeah . This is strange . Hello . Hello , I think , Okay . something 's wrong with this . I hope it 's recording . I hope it 's not my MUMBLEx , , you there ? Yeah . It may be my phone , um , anyway it 's the only car that says , you know , sporty and class , uh , 

so , Yeah , you 're right . Yeah . uh , kind of what I 'm , but it 's , at the other one my brother 's got a Miata and those are fun . Oh , those are nice , And , uh , i- , yeah , they 're , they 're cute cars . Yeah , 

well , he did , he had a , a red Miata , Uh-huh . and , uh , he actually , they came out with a European racing , green , uh , Miata that 's a limited edition , Oh . they 're only going to make like three or four thousand . So , he went out and he traded the other one in and got this one , Wow , I have n't seen those . and I 'm like , um , but , uh , I have n't seen one yet either but supposedly they have some real wood built in to like the clutch and all this and the steering wheel , Wow . so , it 's , it 's very authentic and there only is supposed to be limited edition so it may be , may be a good investment . 

If it , Oh , yeah , definitely . Yeah . If it 's a limited edition usually , no matter what it is , if it 's a limited edition , it 's usually worth something later on . Uh-huh . But , uh , I think hello , Yeah . okay , yeah , I got off my pace or my cordless phone , Oh . anyway , uh , hope it 's not going bad , , it 's going to bump me out . Um , but he , I think he , he only spent , you know , the low twentys 

so , Really ? I do n't know . Now , see , I would have never figured that , I would have figured that to be a lot more than that for something that 's limited edition . Well , I do n't know , I think the demand 's gone all , down a little bit . I think you can , the prices are n't as high , you know , and the , the mu- , Miata was first introduced , uh , And , well , they were n't really that bad though when they were introduced were they ? Wh- , yeah , the demand is so , high that , uh , you know , they were going to retail them around like thir- , you know , thirteen standard , you know , and you get your options , Yeah . you 're looking at fifteen or si- , That 's true . fifteen but there were , you know , people were buying them for nineteen and twenty , Uh-huh . and , um , Huh . they , they may have gone down a little bit but I , they 're still pretty much in demand . I think there 's another car coming in , it 's supposed to come out and compete with that Miata , Huh . and I ca n't remember what I read about that but so , that 's MUMBLEx , I mean , I would think somebody would try to compete with that because it is very popular , so . Yeah , it really is . But , Have you seen the new , uh , Dodge Stealth ? Oh , yeah . The , the , yeah , and the Mitsubishi , real nice one . three thousand G T , Yeah . is the same , same . Yeah , the Mitsubishi is real nice looking too , Yeah , well , that 's , that 's , now those are nice . that 's the same manufacturer and st- , Right . so , they just market them . Right . But , uh , yeah , those are and those are supposed to be very performance power , I mean , they 're , The expensive ones , there is , yeah , big time . they have a cheaper model too that you can get for about seventeen thousand , but those are pretty stripped , and there 's nothing , there 's really , that one 's just more for looks , you know , it does n't have any , really the performance that the expensive one does . Yeah . You know , but I 've seen one of those , and it 's not that great , I mean , because they really , I think the- , they 're only around , uh , twenty-nine K . Yeah , the- , like , I mean they have , um , better , it 's not quite as nice for a little bit less . Yeah . Yeah , they 're not really that bad but I do n't know , like I said it 's , it 's still not practical for me . I have a hard time looking at cars like that because I think , now , there 's no way I can do that . Yeah , I 'm being single and no other responsibilities for yourself , I guess , you know , it 's , I can , Right . I can , I 've been pretty happy , I 've , I 've , have n't tried to upgrade myself right now , that 's , uh , you know , I could , I could have , you know , get something nice and upgrade but I just , uh , I 'm consulting right now , so , Oh , really ? I just made my first job hop about eight months ago , so . 

uh ... 