I think I get most of my news , uh , in headlines from the radio , and then I follow-up by reading the newspaper and news magazines about things that attract my attention . Well , I , I do about the same , I guess , but in a different fashion . I , I , I 'm from New York originally and now that I live in Florida , I live in the Florida in the winter and then go back up north in the , in the summertime -- Uh-huh . 

-- and I , I feel that the , the only legitimate paper , although it might sound , a little elitist is the NEW YORK TIMES . I 've always read the NEW YORK TIMES when I was younger , and I try t- , now that it has a national edition , I read that . I also read , uh , I , I , I guess I do watch , uh , MCNEIL LEHRER on P B S -- Uh-huh . -- because I , I lean to that coverage , and , and I guess I 'm MUMBLEx , I like them but they take so long . I do n't always -- Yeah . -- have time . Well , there it 's a whole hour show . Actually , it 's an hour show each evening , and , and , we , we turn it on when we start dinner . We seem to start dinner around six and finish it up . Uh-huh . I find that I 'm leaning on , uh , I travel a great deal , uh , even overseas , and I find that I lean on , uh , C N N quite a bit for concise and quick stuff . And , I 'm , I , I 'm quite satisfied with the way they put it out . I mean , I , I do n't believe everything they say , but it 's , it 's coverage , you know . Yeah , I think C N N does a pretty good job . I had not watched them very much except when I was abroad , Yeah . until the Gulf War . Yeah . And they seemed to have the best coverage . They had more information sooner than , Uh . most of the other networks . Well , yeah , I , I , I , uh , Peter Arnet was reporting direct from , uh , Iraq . I think -- Yeah . -- this is scandalous the way everybody 's picking on him . I , I think that what he , he reported what he saw -- Yeah . -- and if you did n't like it , that was just too bad , you know . Well , uh , I know that the coverage he was allowed to present was slanted , but I think they said that frequently enough . Yeah oh , yeah , I mean , uh . That , uh , you should n't criticize the man -- No . -- for giving us one perspective . Uh , That , that 's right , I think so . And , and I guess when it comes to , um , to magazines , I do n't read , I used to when I was younger , I subscribed to TIME and U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT . I , I have seemed to slide away from that and rely more on the local paper or , I , I , I also subscribe to something called WORLD PRESS , which is -- Uh-huh . -- a magazine that only talks about other , ex- , excerpts from the WORLD PRESS , which sort of gives you a different slant , than , it 's not as slanted as the NEW YORK TIMES or as biased perhaps as the local paper . Yeah . But , uh , that I guess , and the radio . Uh , I listen to P B S radio a lot and I also listen to , uh , these twenty-four hour news stations , when I 'm driving . I , Yeah , we have a C B S twenty-four hour station -- Yeah . -- that I listen to on the way to and from work and , Do you read , are you from Southern or Northern California ? Northern . I 'm from , uh , So well , the peninsula , Yeah , is that , Palo Alto . what is that , the San Francisco paper out there is , uh , Well , the major paper ? it 's horrible . Yeah , and that 's a terrible paper . The San Francisco paper is just wretched . So I subscribe to the SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS . Is that pretty good ? Palo Alto is about midway between . Well it 's a whole lot better than that San Francisco paper and , Oh the , what is that , the CHRONICLE is n't it ? Yeah , there 's the CHRONICLE , Oh . and the EXAMINER , but they 're , uh , both run by the same peo- , Oh yeah , they ju- , they really are probably the worse papers I 've ever read . I , uh , uh , They 're just horrid -- Yeah . -- so we read , Well , can you get the L A paper up there ? That 's a pretty decent paper is n't it or , Uh , we can , but I do n't like it . Yeah . So we subscribe to the NEW YORK TIMES -- Yeah . -- and the WALL STREET JOURNAL -- Yeah . -- and uh , MERCURY NEWS . Well that 's another one I read , I forgot that . I read the WALL STREET JOURNAL , not as in depth as I used to , because they , their articles seem to be getting even longer and longer but , Yes , well again , I read that , uh , Yeah . two columns on the front . I , I think I , I agree with you that the problem seems to be they do n't have enough time to do all the stuff . I feel pretty well versed in , in what I 'm doing because I , I do spend more time on that than I do , say , on sports , or -- Uh-huh . -- although I watch that , I spend a lot of time reading about these things . I 'm quite interested . I find it very exciting to , for the coverage we have now , today . Yes and I think we do get pretty good coverage . I do n't feel that the American people is being shortchanged by the , uh , the news coverage . If anything , they , I think they list , We almost have too much . Well , I do n't know , I , I hear a lot of criticism about listening to these , the Dan Rathers of the world and , and listen , and taking their word for it , or their comment , actually , they , I think they slant things but , Well , I can not stand Dan Rather . I remember him when he was a local newscaster in Houston . No kidding ! Oh , wow ! And I hated him then . I did n't know that . Yeah ? And I would not watch that man for money . Yeah . And he and Barbara Walters just really turn my stomach . Yeah , was , was he , So I watch Peter Jennings , and , uh -- Yeah . -- and Tom Brokaw . Sort of alternately . How do you feel about it ? I guess I , I got to say , if that 's the subject , if the subject is do I feel that we 're well enough equipped to , I do n't know if , if it said that . I feel I 'm well enough equipped . Do we get enough news or something like that ? Yeah . To , Do we get , uh -- Yeah . -- do we get the news that we want ? And I do . I really think . Yeah , I think I do too . I think you have to let , yo- , you got to segregate some of it . Yeah . Well , that 's about all I have to say . Okay , well nice to talk to you . Nice talking to you . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 