Okay . Okay . I was trying to get my children quiet for a minute . Okay . Well , credit cards , boy , that 's an easy topic , Ye- , is n't it . Yes , it is . It 's one we all hold dear and near , I 'm sure . Oh , yes , yes . 

I guess I 've had some good experience and some bad experience with them . Yeah , most of mine 's been pretty good , although I 'm , I guess I 'm like a lot of other people , now , I 'm trying to , to pay off my credit cards and , and , uh , I 've done pretty good at it . 

Yeah . Uh-huh . Well , I do fairly good until I go in the store and I see something I want . You know -- Yeah . -- not need , want . Uh-huh , there is a big difference . There 's a big difference there . Yeah , yeah . But most of mine that I use is strictly gasoline . Yeah , oh yeah , I , I do that , I do that , but the rest , like I said , the rest of them I 've been trying to , to pay off -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , get back on a cash basis , except for gas . It 's too easy to , to run into the gas station . Oh , it sure is -- And , MUMBLEx . -- especially when you work out of town and everything , that way . Uh-huh . At least that 's for me . Yeah , yeah . Yeah . So . But yeah , I 've , I 've talked to some who 's really had some bad experience and kind of knock on wood I have n't yet , not bad . Yeah , well that 's , You know , I just , I 'm just shocked at the end of the month , to see what damage I have did , but , Yeah , yeah . I try to keep it pretty reasonable . Well , I 've been pretty lucky in that respect . I do n't charge , like I say , I 've , I been trying to , to not charge except for emergencies . Uh-huh . And , uh , so , but I have n't really had any bad problems with credit cards . There 's , you know , they have , uh , wonderful features , they 're there when you need them . Yeah , yeah . You know , like in emergencies , or whatever . And then they have bad drawbacks , too . Yeah . It 's , it 's awfully easy . I mean high interest , it 's like paying twice . That 's true , that 's true , Yes , so , MUMBLEx . I try to , I did switch to one , uh , sponsored by the credit union , though . That seems to be a pretty low interest . Oh , uh-huh . Yeah , compared to some of the other ones . Yeah , yeah . And you do n't have an annual fee there , and that helps . Oh , yes . Uh , we used to have , you know , like several , but right now , we 're just more or less at American Express , Uh-huh . you know , and that way we can go ahead and pay it off when it comes in . Yeah , that 's one way to do it , because that , that forces you to pay for it -- Yeah . -- instead of saying , well , I 'll just -- Pay fifteen , yeah . -- pay on it this month and , Yes , I know , yeah . Yeah . And when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time . Takes a long time , that 's right . It sure does . And now without the benefits of being able to deduct interest off , off your income tax -- Uh-huh . -- that 's , you know . Of course it 's been going down for a number of years , but this is the last year you can take anything . So . Uh-huh , yeah . So . Well , I 've enjoyed talking to you . Well , I 've enjoyed talking to you . And maybe we 'll get to talk again . Okay . Okay , bye-bye . Bye-bye . 