Um , so do you have a personal computer ? Uh , well we do have one in , in our home , uh , it 's on the fritz right now , because the monitor is n't working properly but , uh , it has been , uh , used tremendously , mostly by my children for , uh , playing games . Oh . However , um , you know , the bane of our existence these days , 

uh , but it does have a word processing program , which all of us have used for re- , reports and papers and that sort of thing . Yeah , that 's what , when this subject was mentioned to us I said , well , I went , gee , that 's all I use mine for is a word processor , and I have n't used it since I got out of college , and that was six years ago , Oh , wow . but it , it was my sister 's who , my sister bought it -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , my father had a small business and she thought that he would incorporate it and use it in the business , and he never did , Oh . he always did everything out by hand . He only had three employees , Oh , yeah . 

so , you know , it was n't really worth it to him to do , to do it . Yeah . Actually , it would be worth it , if he were able to get a program that would do something that he normally had to do by hand . Yeah , like pay , the payroll and , Exactly , and there are , yeah , 

basically payroll . lots of them on the market . Yeah . But you do have to research that , find out what works for your system . What kind do you have ? Um , it 's an I B M , I think it 's a Professional Three Hundred , no , that 's , that 's the digital one . It 's an , uh , I B M P C Junior , I think . Oh , well , that 's a nice computer . Yeah she , she , uh , she uses it now , uh , my sister , to , 

actually , she moved Uh-huh , so she took it with her . She MUMBLEx took it with her , Yeah , do n't blame her . because she needed it to do , she just finished up her Bachelor 's degree -- Uh-huh . -- so I do n't know if she 's going to even use it anymore . It , it 's , Yeah . Oh , well , well , encourage her to try other things , because , um , I am , uh , I work in a school system , and I teach writing 

and we use the computers a great deal for word processing , you know , because students really do seem to be freer when they write on the computer , as you probably found out yourself , Yeah . but , um , I also am sponsoring a literary magazine , 

and we 're doing our entire layout on the computer , uh , because of the graphics program and a page maker program that we have , Oh , yeah , a publishing program . that 's , that 's neat , that 's , So , it is wonderful , a very good use . once you get into some of the programs that are out now , you can do so much with them , Yeah . that you do n't do until you really make yourself use them . Well , I know there , there 's got to be a lot of uses , 

but it 's just y- , you have , You have to make yourself do it , yeah . to have a need . Yeah , but you have to have a need . I really have no need for it at all , Yeah . um , I work for Digital Equipment -- Uh-huh . -- and we have a powerful computer down at work . Oh so , you do n't need a personal one ? No , and I , Yeah . 

I still really do n't do that much , as you say , play games on it , Yeah , yeah . they 're great for playing games . Right . My brother , Well , my son is , uh , studying electronic technology , 

and he 's been able to do things on , uh , on the personal computer here that really have enhanced his , um , reports , and his learning and all because he can lay things out that way . Yeah . Um , and I guess it , if you 're doing that sort of thing it 's really useful , but , um , unless it is , I guess it 's kind of a waste . I know some people who just , they just went through a course , uh , and took the electronic grafting course , Oh , that 's , drafting , not grafting , fascinating . Uh-huh . 

but drafting course , Yeah , the C A D . I knew what you meant , yeah . Yeah , and that 's really neat , I mean , yeah , you can do graphs , graphs on it too , Yeah . but this is , you know , this is one step above it , 

but it 's actual , um , drafting , Yeah . and I always , Yes , you can do wonderful design . It , it 's really , s- , well , especially when anyone who 's ever done any kind of drafting or engineering w- , uh , dr- , drawing , um , you have to be so precise . Yeah , and the computer does it all for you . Yeah . So it was really neat . I wanted to go to that course , 

but my boss would n't pay for it , Oh , well . I 'm like , I 'll get a job some day and my boss will pay for it , I 'll be needed . Yeah . Because , um , I , I , I did n't want to go do it myself because I did n't think I was really going to use it . Uh-huh . I got this cough , 

I 've got a cold because it was eighty degrees up here and I went outside with no coat on . Oh , boy . Yeah , it was bad . What a change , huh ? Yes , it was a big change . Yeah . You could n't really wear a coat because it was so hot , and then , again , I picked up a cold . Right . But I 'm doing all right , getting over it . Well , that 's good . 

So I do n't , I do n't even know how much , um , personal computers cost nowadays . Well , they vary tremendously . Um , because you can get because you 're , they 're , uh , the ones that were made a few years ago , uh , have come down in price significantly , um , you can get them , I 've seen them for five , and six hundred dollars , but they 're much less , um , have much less memory , and capable , Yeah , they ca n't do your , um , of much less . your drafting and your graphs , no , you ca n't do very much on them . and all of that . Right . Right . Um , well , it 's just that you have to have , uh , you have to be able to get your program in , 

and , and , m- , many of the programs are so big , uh , they take up so much space that you do n't have any place then to work . You do n't have any , Yeah ? bytes left but , um , if you , um , if , if you want to go into one that 's really useful , you 're going to have to go over a thousand dollars , and even for a personal computer it 's probably smart to spend that much , an- , and we 've , ours is not quite that powerful , and so , you know , we are , we are limited , You do run in- , which may be one reason why , you do run into limitations on yours ? Oh , yeah , Oh , wow . uh-huh , some things we ca n't do , but , but then we have n't needed to either , Yeah . you know , um , but we 've been able to do what we can . Wow , that 's neat that you ev- , you even reach the limits of yours . I have n't even begun to reach the limits , No , but I , mine is not as good as a P C , uh , Junior , yeah . uh , Junior , yeah . Yeah , ours is a Commodore One Twenty-eight . Yeah . And it , it 's not quite as , um , as useful , not quite as powerful . Yeah . They , So , say that Commodore has made a good , um , P C for the price , though . They did , yeah , that 's very true , that 's very true , they did . Very competitive . I do n't even , I do n't even know much money my sister spent on hers , but I , I just thought I , it 's , it 's going to be a waste , she 's not going to do it , not going to use it . Oh , well . Sounds like he , that you were right . Yeah . Well , she likes it , she gets to write her reports , but like I say , Yeah . she could have bought a much cheaper model and done what she wanted . And she could have bought a typewriter also . Yeah , a typewriter with memory would , would have been fine , Yeah , it 's all she ev- , uses it for . yeah . Um , I think it might have a spelling editor on it , I 'm not sure . Yeah , it , yeah , it prob- , if , sh- , if it does n't she could easily put it on . Yeah . Yeah , Yeah , right . that 's one of , the one great thing about it . Right . Which program did you use ? Did you use Word Perfect ? Um , no , I , I really do n't , it 's , it was six years ago . Oh , yeah . She pretty much set it up . She goes , here , this is , you make your file , and then you can , uh , edit it . Right ? Um , I used the one , the one at work a lot , um , matter of fact , anything I 've had to write from now on , I had to ca- , God forbid , write a couple of resumes , and I was just great , and all you have to do is just put it in a , uh , the sp- , spelling check mode , Uh-huh . And I do n't even have to look my , my words up anymore . Yeah , they 're great , you 're right . Well , Oh , I guess we 've spent our time . I need to go help my daughter do something , so -- Okay , good . -- this has been fun talking to you . Okay . Good luck . Yeah , well , bye . Uh , bye-bye . 