Okay , so what kind of luck you been having with buying and returning products ? Uh , not too bad really . Uh , I had a razor that I got from Christmas that I just , I really did n't want it , but I got it anyway and , uh , it was a Braun and they were real good about taking it back . It was n't a problem at all , 

so , uh , I was able to get that back pretty easily . Uh-huh . But , uh , I do n't know , I really have n't returned a whole lot lately . Have you ? I have n't had to . It 's , uh , the , every so often , I mean , I , I , I 'm almost pushing it myself . Maybe I 'll buy a shirt from G I Joe 's and it shrinks too much and say , well , I should have known better , 

I mean , I bought it from G I Joe 's -- Um . -- and it was probably made in China by slaves . Right . But , uh , they , uh , most of the time MUMBLEx pretty careful shopping anyway , I get pretty good stuff . Yeah . I think that , uh , aside from the fact all markets being internationalized -- Right like , -- and if you want to buy American , it takes real extra work to find . Exactly . 

It 's probably -- I was reading , -- a Japanese or a Burmese company owning and hiring people in the U S . Right , I was reading something in , uh , CONSUMER REPORTS tonight about that as a matter of fact . They were talking about cars , uh , the car issue just came out . Uh-huh . And about how , yeah , you 'd like to buy an American car maybe but , uh , you know , the transmission may be made in Japan or whatever . Yeah . Uh , like I 've got an eighty-six Ford Ranger and , and I know for a fact that the transmission is made by Mitsubishi . Huh . You know , so it 's like , what are you going to do , you know ? Yeah , really . But , uh , that 's the way it is . I do n't know , I , I personally feel that , uh , uh , if the Japanese cars are better and Americans buy them , you know , that 's the way it goes and , you know , people , man- , more than manufacturers should get a clue 

and , you know , they should start making quality products . Yeah , I think they 're beginning to . The , the days of do n't buy a car made on a Monday or a Friday are pretty much going away 

and , That 's what I thought , too , until I saw the CONSUMER REPORTS issue . Uh-huh . Uh , they 've got all the American , well , all the , all the cars rated , you know , and , uh , essentially , I h , I do n't see much of a trend . I mean , just like every other time that you look at it , the Honda Accords and the Civics are right up there . There 's nothing wrong with them . Uh , and the same thing with most of the other Japanese cars . But then again you look at a Ford or especially a Chevy and they 're pieces of junk . I know . Still at it , hey . Yeah , 

that 's ninety , that 's eighty-six through ninety-one . Wow . But , uh , I do n't know , may- , maybe they 're getting better , maybe they 're starting to get a clue . Uh , Well , they got a three year lead time . It probably wo n't start really showing up until ninety-four or so . Yeah , that 's just it . Technology that comes in right now is , is probably not going to be imple , implemented until , you know , quite a few years down the road . 

But , uh , The computer industry 's where it 's really dynamic especially for the consumer . Oh , yeah . Yeah , because technology is so , uh , you know , volatile and changing all the time . And can you -- Uh , -- think of any other industry where in software they , 

if the product is upgraded and a better version is put out , you 'll get a free version in the mail s- , MUMBLEx . Yeah . Or , uh , maybe I say , well , you know , you paid five hundred bucks for this program , so send us twenty and we 'll give you a really great upgrade . Yeah . It , uh , th- , they keep up c- , with it pretty quickly and that 's , that 's a real good thing , I guess . Yeah . Uh , I do n't know . And the hardware , well , I mean , all the chips that make up the hardware are a commodity and the MacIntosh is about the only one that 's going right -- Yeah . -- forcing I B M and the rest of the D O S world to follow along . Right , they 're kind of the leaders right now , you know . I used to see all those commercials for Windows , you know , and you 're like , oh , gee , they 're reselling a MacIntosh under a different name . Really , why do n't they just say , almost a Mac for half the price . Yeah , you know . They 'd sell more if they were honest . Exactly , almost is the key word , there , too , you know , because I , I really , I 've used both and I really do n't see an advantage of Windows at all . Yeah , it -- Uh , -- it 's only an advantage for people who had to use pure D O S . Yeah , yeah that 's true , too . MUMBLEx base . But , uh , I do n't know , I 'm really , I 've gotten a little bit out of the , the personal computer business just because I do n't have one at home . I , I do use a Mac at work but , uh -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I really do n't , do n't do much with it at home but , uh , Apple 's sort of making a s- , and they 're ones were growling consumer , uh , need to worry about the Mac they 're getting , like if you bought a power book straight off , a lot of them had to go back . They issued a recall because of improper shielding or possibly other problems with -- Right . -- floppy drive . Uh-huh . Yeah , you sound like you must , uh , work in the computer business . Yeah , I have one , I do desktop publishing at work and I have a machine at home and I belong to the user 's group and I , I 've been a Mac fanatic since they came out . Yeah ? All right . But , uh , technically , I 'm not actually in the industry . I do n't work a computer company . No ? I 'm an abuser . Well , that 's , that 's all right . But it 's sort of like surfing on the wave of future shock to -- Yeah , that 's true . -- you know , keep up with the changes as they happen . Something that I find uncomfortable is , you know , you , you want to buy something , say you want to buy a personal computer and you got to think about what kind of memory you want to get and what kind of technology that you want to go for , you know , let , let 's take the example , the modem for , you know , Yeah . Okay , w , w , what baud rate do you get ? Well , you know , it used to be that you get a twelve hundred ba- , 