Okay . All right . Go ahead . Well , what kind of car would I want to buy . Yeah . I do n't know . The question is , I mean , would I want to buy , or would I , would I probably actually buy . May be two different things . Oh , well , if you , if you had all your , all the money in the world or something . 

If I had all the money I wanted , then that 's whole different matter . No , in that case , I 'd , I 'd , I do n't know . I , I , my dream car for years was a , was a Porsche -- Uh-huh . -- Turbo MUMBLEx . Uh-huh . But , uh , I do n't know if I 'd want one of those now . Oh , really ? Of course I would want one if somebody was -- Yeah . -- was given to me . But I maybe would buy a B M W . Uh-huh . Uh , or , or even a Volvo . What do you have now ? I 've got a , uh , a Dodge Daytona . Uh-huh . It 's actually the first car we ever bought new . Oh , really . Yeah , we just , we , well , I have my car is the first one we ever bought new , too . Uh-huh . But we just bought another used car , a couple weeks ago , actually . Uh-huh , yeah me too . So what car do you drive ? What is it ? Uh , mine is a Honda Accord . Uh-huh , we almost bought one of those . Do you like it ? Yeah , I do , and , and , um , it 's funny because , after I bought it , I was doing a lot of business traveling , and I , some of the cars that I got were like the Toyota Camry and the Nissan Maxima and some of the competitors -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , I do n't like them as well except , it was n't really a fair comparison because those were automatics , and mine is a standard -- Yeah . -- and the reason I got a standard was because I thought it handled a lot better -- Uh-huh . -- it had a lot more pickup and everything . Yeah , you get a little more control over when -- Uh-huh . -- when it 's doing the things it 's doing . Yeah . Uh , what , what rental agent did you go to to actually rent -- Um -- -- to rent those kind of cars . -- usually AVIS . To what , AVIS ? AVIS . Really . Yeah . Huh . I guess , It 's just because we 're on , I think of it , I 'm not sure those are AVIS or not , but we have corporate contracts -- I see . -- you know , with the various companies -- Uh-huh . -- so it depends on your destination , too . Right . Kind of strange . You work for a big company , then . Work for T I . T I , I see . Uh-huh , which is how I heard about this . Uh-huh . Um , but yeah , I , I , uh , I do n't know , I would probably , if I were to buy a car mys- , you know , with the constraints of real money -- Uh-huh . -- I probably would , would go with something like , you know , like a Honda Accord . Uh-huh . Maybe it would , one thing I , I really liked about , about the Dodge Daytona is the fact that they have , uh , this seven year warranty . Oh , really . Um , and it really saved us some big money once . It did , huh . Yeah , they had a whole bunch of things that , that sort of broke at the same time -- Oh , my gosh . -- and the bill would have been over fifteen hundred dollars , and I had to pay twenty five for the , Oh , that was great . Yeah , it was . That 's unusual to hear , usually , you know something breaks , you look at the warranty and it 's excluded . Well , we , we bought the extended , the the extension -- Oh , I see , okay . -- and , uh , at the time we bought it it was like , you know , I do n't know , four hundred and twenty-five dollars or something extra . Oh , you got your money 's worth . Yeah , we did , but , you know , we really debated at the beginning , and -- Yeah . -- of course I 'm glad I did it . Yeah , that is good . But , um , we still have , we still have like , you know , coup- , three years left on it . Yeah , well , I 've been lucky . Mine has n't had any trouble except last week a shopping cart crashed into it -- Oh , no . -- but I was real lucky because it just hit the , um -- Bumper ? -- the lens to the light . Oh . It did n't actually dent the car or anything . So it cost me twenty-five bucks to replace -- Well , that was good . -- that , and -- Are you . -- the store will pay for it anyway , so . Uh-huh . No big deal . Um , if you were , if you were going to , uh , buy a new car would you buy another , uh , another Accord ? Um , I probably would n't , just because I already have one -- Uh-huh . -- but , you know , if I had to make the choice again , I , yeah , I , I 'm perfectly happy with what I decided -- Uh-huh . -- um , although we did just buy another car , and that 's a Legend -- Oh , yeah , those are nice MUMBLEx . -- um , but it 's , it 's a used one -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , my husband has really wanted one for a long time , and the fact that , you know , this c- , this car that I have has performed so well , and before that I also had an Accord , it was a real old one -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I bought that used . I had absolutely no money to my name and bought that , and it served me real well , too . Uh-huh . So he 's been impressed with all the Honda cars . Right . And . Yeah , my sister drives one . She drives a , uh , I do n't know , is it Legend -- Uh-huh . -- it 's a , I 'm not certain , but she 's liked it . Um , Yeah . But , I , I have , I have never had , and we , in fact , what I 'm driving right now , we bought a , we only had one car for a long time , and -- Uh-huh . -- and yet most of our usage of the car was just this little shuttle back and forth , four miles to work and back -- Uh-huh . -- kind of thing . And so , uh , I bought a used Yugo -- Uh-huh . -- just to be a little , you know , little car that I could care less about -- Yeah . -- MUMBLEx . How did it go for you ? Oh , well , it 's , uh , it 's worked . Has n't left you stranded . I mean , that 's exactly what it is , you know , it 's just a , it 's a cheap little -- Yeah I know . -- little car just to go , you know , run around town in -- Yeah . -- and , uh . It 's actually kind of fun to drive . I , I , you know , getting back in the Daytona now , I almost do n't like it . You know -- Really . -- it 's like too , too mushy , and it , you know -- Huh . -- it 's an automatic , and -- Well , that 's what my husband thinks about my car now , that he 's had the Legend -- -- it 's too , the steering -- -- it 's windy . -- you know , you feel like you 're in a boat or something , you know , it 's kind of , I ca n't drive that , the Legend , it 's just so huge . Oh . I , I do n't like it , and it 's so , uh , 