Well , let 's see . So what , As far as I 'm , So what gets you ? Well , the thing I think that annoys me the most is , I have , I have young children , a baby in the house and , and inevitably as soon as they 're asleep , someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something . Uh-huh . And I think that , that is probably the most aggravating . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , it invades my time . I 'm the one that pays for the phone . Uh , if I want to buy something , I 'll take the initiative and , and go find it , you know . And that just really does aggravate me . 

Uh , what do you think ? Well , I mean I , that 's exactly the kind of thing I would have said . Although in my case it 's my wife and I both work , we come home and just as we 're preparing dinner or eating dinner -- -- the phone rings and it 's one solicitation call after another and , you know . Your time is , is -- Yeah , it 's , it 's -- -- valuable , and , -- like you say , very annoying and , uh , why , why do we let this happen . Oh , I , that 's , that 's interesting . I the , the market seems to just be growing , too . I , I guess enough people are not speaking out . I 'm not speaking out , that 's for sure . I just get aggravated about it . And , Would , would you , I mean if you could legislate something , what would you legislate ? I really do n't know . I 'm , I 'm not into , uh , heavy government legislate- , legislating of a lot of different areas , but I , I do n't know . I just , I do particularly find it annoying . Uh , I 'm really not sure . Yeah . -- to be , It , it seems , it seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we do n't want to receive calls like that . Well , that , yeah , that might , And the people making these calls would be obliged to c , compare -- Identify themselves , yeah . -- the , their lists -- Right . -- that they 're going to call against this list of people who do n't want to be called . Well , that would be a good -- Uh , -- an interesting way , yeah . And , that , that way , those who want it can have it and those who do n't want it , do n't have to have it . Right . Sort of like an unlisted number where you have n't gone to the trouble of enlisting yourself . Right , you 're , Except even unlisted numbers are n't safe now because they have these things just sort of dial through all the numbers . Oh , is that right ? Oh , that 's interesting . Uh , automatically and , And they just get everybody . Right . Oh , boy . Well , I , I do wish that it would stop on my end -- Yeah . -- because it , it seems to happen at the worst possible moments . And I , I guess the next one is , is door-to-door -- Uh-huh . -- solicitors . I do n't mind the children when they 're selling things for school . I have kids and , you know , that 's just kind of -- Yeah . -- part of it but when it 's adults selling a variety of things and especially when men arrive at about ten o'clock in the morning -- Uh-huh . -- uh , that really , it makes you not feel particularly safe -- Yes . -- and , it 's annoying as well . And these , and these people may in fact be just looking to s- , find an unoccupied house to rob . Right , you just , you really do n't know , so I , I find myself being a l- , a bit abrupt and a little bit ruder than than I might normally be -- Uh-huh . -- but , I do feel like it 's a , an invasion of my space . Yeah . And , uh , I 've never quite understood the purpose of that . Yeah , I , uh , Well , I think these people were hired by , from , from different sources . Just be- , Uh , with , you know , and so , therefore , there 's no one answer . But , but , yeah sometimes it 's a market sur- , basically it 's a market survey -- Just a survey . -- but they never say who , who they 're really working for or what , you know , what -- Yeah . -- what , what questions are , you know , There have been a couple of times when the , the , uh , whatever the subject was , I guess caught my interest and I went along with it and then there have been several times when I just said , well , I just really do n't have the time , you know -- Yeah . -- to deal with it at that moment . Yeah . But , uh , I do n't get too many of those . Yeah . I 've had just a few . Yeah . Uh , generally someone 's trying to sell me something or , Right , well , and sometimes that 's , this is just the lead in to a sales pitch -- Right , right . -- too . Other times it 's , you know , wasting your time -- -- to collect the data they want for their -- Right . -- marketing purpose . For which , if they would just pay me enough money -- Yeah . -- I would be willing to consider . That 's right . But , but a dollar is n't it , you know , it 's , Oh . Uh , and I also sort of worry that , you know , that sometimes people giveaway personal information . Uh , when , when the call comes and , and they , uh , you know , sort of seductive , to , you know , somebody is asking me my opinion on all of these things , and so I start answering and then you , you know , you go down a path -- Right . -- uh , and you do n't know where it 's going to end . Yeah . Well , we , In fact , you do n't even know what you 've eventually , you know , the totality of what you 've revealed That 's true . This is n't , you know , prob- , most likely not to , going to be used against you , but it could and , Yeah , you just never know , I guess . And that seems to be something that should , should really be outlawed . That , yeah , I , I , Because it 's subject to abuse and it , Asking for information is , is , I ca n't really see that , I think they ought to , if , if nothing else , they ought to spend money for a postage stamp and , you know , when it arrives at your house , oh , I , 