Well , what is your view , do you consider the Soviet Union a threat ? I do n't know that it 's so much a military threat anymore as a , , well , you know , it 's , it 's real confusing right now to know what kind of a , of , of a threat it is , I guess , Sure . it , it takes awhile to , to get used to something , you know , if , if they have completely chain- , 

on the , place has completely turned that much around to where they 're not , you know , not what they used to be , Right . uh . It 's , it 's hard to , to know anymore if it 's a , a threat one way or another because , uh , it used to be s- , so , f- , much in the past that whatever the top said the rest fell , you know , rank and file in behind it . Uh-huh . And now that with Gorbachev is introducing more , I guess , freedoms or expressions of freedom , it does n't look as though , you know , everybody 's following the same pattern . Yeah . And , those , the people who are , you know , the staunch military conservative people , you never know , well , Gorbachev 's future is like whereas , Yeah . whereas in the past it was seen as , you know , whoever was the head of the , the communist party was seen as , you know , untouchable . Yeah . I thi , yeah , the thing that keeps happening is happening so fast and so , uh , dramatic that you almost think , now wait a minute , you know , we 're getting stuck into something here , you know , 

if , Uh-huh . 

if somebody 's about to , to clobber you , the first thing they do is sort of say , well , you know , we 're , we 're ashamed , we 're not going to do that anymore . Exactly . And , uh , , um , you know , I 'd , I 'd like to think that that is n't true but I , I , you know , the evidence is that , uh , you know , he 's , he 's let some , some stuff go , you know , the east German situation . Right . It 's just the whole thing is so incomprehensible , you know , if I 'd have been asleep for five years , and read it in a book , I said , no , no , no , that did n't , could n't have happened that way . Right . Well , it 's amazing just because of the drain that 's been on , you know , both economies that our economy is , of course , been able to , uh , withstand that a little better , Uh-huh . but , uh , the Russian economy they , you know , they , I do n't know what the percentages are , but I heard it one time , it 's just some ungodly number just to support the military machine . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And finally , you know , who knows maybe they 're finally waking up and saying , you know , we ca n't afford this . Uh , the U S is n't the threat that we 've always made them out to be , Uh-huh . you know , even if they 're saying that beneath the doors . But it 's hard to thing that just one person can bring that much of a radical change in that short of period . Yeah . Even if it is , you know , the best thing in the long run , it just steps on too many people 's toes , Yeah . who are comfortable with the way the situation is . Yeah , I , I think , you know , what I 'd have to , I , I gues , I guess to answer the question directly , I 'm still just a , a little bit , you know , leery of the whole thing . Uh-huh . What I have n't seen is the , uh , you know , a great stepping back in the military , Right . situation . You know , it 's , it 's one thing , you know , to let us go ahead and sort of disarm and , you know , I even had a thought once that the whole Iraqi thing might have been just a , a deal to go ahead and let us , uh , you know , Expend ? expend some , some military hardware . Of course , it did n't turn out that way . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , that , that may have been a , a , a kind of far out way of thinking about it I do n't know . Well , it 's interesting , anymore the world 's getting so small that it does n't seem to tolerate anymore any kind of the expansionism , Uh-huh . philosophy that , that was here in , Yeah . you know , twenty years ago . Uh , but , of course , the people who have challenged that or tried to do , on- , have cor- , have not been world powers . So , it 's easier for us to say , you know , to an Iraq , you know , Uh-huh . uh , you ca n't do this , get back , you know , or we 're going to force you . Yeah , or , or we can do something about it . Yeah . Whereas , you know , if the Soviet Union would have , who knows what taking over Mongolia or , or something like that , who is really , will we have been more just rhetoric , Uh-huh . uh , rather than going in there officially or , you know , Yeah . physically and try to , to remove them . Well , the , the China situation , you know , the when , it looked like that thing was , was turning around and all of a sudden it was like somebody in the , in the Red Square or wherever said , okay , and that 's enough . Uh-huh . And the tanks came in and , Exactly . you know , pretty much took care of that . And , Yeah , uh , that , MUMBLEx personally I do n't see as Gorbachev as being maybe a threat , and I think he 's actually , honestly trying to do some change . Uh-huh . But I do n't believe that he , in this first pass around , you know , being the first one to really turn things around or attempt to is going to be allowed to get away with it either . Yeah . Well , this would be like if somebody was elected president of the United States and suddenly took off toward , you know , just some pretty hard by the socialism , Uh-huh . and , uh , you know , the , the reaction , uh , you know , the , the economic , well , the , uh , the social structure of the Soviet Union , you know , it , it 's , it 's coming apart at the seams . Uh-huh . You know , and I 've heard people say , well , you know , it 's just like the American Civil War , will there be a union or not ? Well , no , it 's not the same sort of a thing at all because that , the whole Soviet system was put together under total force , you know , there was no , as , as we are seeing now with a lot of those , Right . areas wanting out of it , Uh-huh . you know , they , uh , nobody vo- , you know , a lot man , those people did n't vote to become part of the Soviet Union , they had no choice . Yeah , that was always kind of interesting , people , you know , a lot of my friends have a taken us down , the stance of , you know , these people are just trying to be free and trying to get away and I 'm thinking more of it from a nationalistic , you know , if I 'm a Soviet and if part of , you know , south , let 's say South Dakota wanted to succ , you know , succeed , am I going to stand for that . Yeah . Now I realize that the origins are , are different and that we all joined under a common direction and a common bond to begin with , Uh-huh . and that they may have been forced , I 'm not that familiar with their future , but I , you know , I , it 's easy to believe that they were probably more forced into a pact than , uh , a volunteer or willingness to join . Yeah . But , There , there was the whole thing was put together , you know , by force . There 's , there 's no , no real question about that . Uh-huh . And some of the countries that were forced in at th- , later dates is the three Baltic countries , you know , came in , in the forties , Uh-huh . and , uh , it 's , well , it 's not that they came in , it 's they were conquered by the Germans , And then , and then the Russians even , just never given back . took it back from the Germans and never bothered to give it back , Yep . you know , so . That 's a , Well , that whole a , a little different situation . the whole i- , idea if you look at the Russian history and I guess all countries the way it used to be is , the only way to truly protect your borders was to have a buffer . Uh-huh . And that was the whole idea why they had so many buffers and maybe , you know , more and more people are seeing , oh , countries hopefully are seeing that that buffer is n't going to help you , you can , well , I guess like , Yeah . with , uh , Israel is a perfect example . The reason they have the Angolan Heights and the , the , uh , all their buffer area is between Jordan and the , the Sinai and , and Lebanon was just as a buffer but , you know , as you can see with the , the scuds go right over there . Uh-huh . Yeah , they do n't really pay a whole lot of attention to buffers . Yeah , there 's , there 's very little that , that binds you anymore in today 's technology . I knew a lot of guys in the service when they were sent to Germany they said that 's the safest place in the world because if a war starts , all the bombs are going to go right over Germany and they 're going to land in other places , you know , that 's going to be the safest place to be . That 's probably very true . Ve- , that 's very interesting , never thought of that . Yeah , well , uh , I , I guess , what they 'd have to do to , I really do n't know , you know , in , in the , in , you know , I hope that what 's happening is exactly the way it appears . Uh-huh . You know , some reason or other , you know , is , uh , it 's kind of a strange thing we 've been trying to make something like this happen for so long that when it finally happens you say , Nobody knows what to do . whoa , wait a minute , you know . What 's , uh , Is it real ? what 's , what 's really happening here . Uh-huh . But you wonder how , well , this thing , w , who , was it Boris Yeltsin , the guy that 's running the , uh , or evidently was elected president of the Soviet , Right . for the Russian republic , Exactly . which is , I guess , the , uh , the biggest , I get confused between all the , which is the Soviet provinces versus which are the , the Russian provinces , Uh-huh . versus what are , Well , in the center but you got a , the , the great big area that 's just , was traditionally known as Russia and then all these little nationality groups , Uh-huh . around it , you know , that were , you know , was there nineteen of them or , or whatever , you know , and these were all the Soviet economists , us you know , they had some real fancy names for them . Right . Matter of fact when the , uh , yeah , what I read when the , uh , lee- , uh , United Nations was setup in , in San Francisco , one of the first things the Russians wanted to do was bring in each one of the , uh , of these , you know , republics , Oh , as a , as a separate country , you know , as a vote . so there would be , there would be nineteen , Sure . rather than one . Sure . And , uh , the United States said , well , that mean we get to bring in forty-eight , you know . And , uh , that sort of , you know , they backed down on that . Died down on that . I thought it was interesting that recently here the Warsaw Pact no longer exists as a militor , military force , but it 's merely an economic now . Yeah , well , wonder if that , Well , I mean at , wh , uh , w , Yeah , exactly . what do you get shot by something that 's called a , an economic force or what is called a military pact , you know , it 's all , you can change the name of something but I wonder if it 's still , exists . Uh-huh . Although , I 've seen some evidence that , you know , the , uh , the Russian soldiers are , well , you , the funny thing there is they 're not particularly welcome back home because there 's , they 're having housing shortages now . What do you do with all these troops that have been taken care of by , uh , Bulgaria and , Exactly and , and all the , and Czechoslovakia and now all of a sudden they 're going home and somebody 's got to pay for their , Well , that 's what they 're saying the whole problem , you know , with , if we were to demilitarize Europe , , what are we going to do with all the soldiers over there ? Yeah . Well , that 's not , What 's going to happen to the economies that are no longer have a , a million plus people in the indu- , you know , Yeah . in each country from the U S ... 