Yeah , are you there ? Yes . Okay . Do you know the question for today ? Uh , yes . It 's about why there are n't more people that are voting and participating in ... And what is your feeling ? Do you think this is vital important ? Oh , absolutely . Okay . 

Do you , Um , I think that , uh , it 's kind of discouraging to , uh , I have been involved in some political campaigns and that kind of thing , and it 's really discouraging to be in a phone bank and call people and not , a lot of them are so ill informed they have no idea , you know , even that there 's an election 

or , I , and these are people that are registered . It , I have worked in some campaigns and it 's the most discouraging thing in the world . I 'm originally from Oklahoma , and up there if they miss three elections , then they have to reregister . And I have often wondered if , if maybe that would help the situation . I do n't know . Well , that 's a thought . Well , can you come up with anything else that maybe we could do to these people ? Huh . I do n't know I , I like that idea . Um , oh , I had a thought just a second ago 

but it slipped my mind . Oh , that 's all right . Um , one thing that I- , that I think probably one of the reasons that people do n't vote more is because they do n't know the candidates . And I think sometimes , you know , that 's one thing that I have learned in w , working in elections and things is , you know , sometimes even when you work for someone you do n't really know what they 're like . I know there 's been a couple of people that we voted for and worked for 

and when they got in office it was just a disaster . Well , Uh , and , and I 'm not sure how you go about really finding out what people are really like before you vote for them . I 'm , I 'm not sur , the only thing is if they do n't vote , they have no right to complain . Absolutely . It is , um , I do n't know why we are so complacent , but I 'm going to vote each time . Right or wrong I 'm going to cast a ballot 

and then if I 'm unhappy with it , I have the right to express my opinion . That 's right . So , uh , there was something else I was going to , and I 'm like you . I 've just lost a train of thought that I had . But they have been more , little more s- , effective in Oklahoma with having this program that you vote or you lose it . Now if you just lose , if you just skip one election ? No , three . Three . You have to lo , you have to skip three . Uh-huh . And , uh , of course , those can be , they can be , oh , a long time apart 

but , um ... I think that 's an excellent idea because then people really have to think about it . Of course , what do you think and this is not one of our questions but what do you think of this no excuse absentee balloting ? No excuse . Uh , I 'm not sure if I 'm familiar with that , Okay . or not . I 'm sure all over the State of Texas now you have three weeks to go for absentee balloting . Uh-huh . And you do n't have to h , be sick , out of town or anything . They , there is no excuse . 

Anyone can go and vote . Oh , I think that 's great . Um , Do you ? Actually , you know , my husband has run for office before and sometimes it 's nice to be able to go ahead of time and vote because , you know , if you 're going to be tied up that day , uh , campaigning or whatever it might be . Um , that kind of , just kind of takes that load off , you know , you can just go ahead and get that taken care of and ... But that is an excuse and that would , I could live with . Uh-huh . But this idea of anyone wel- , I ju- , I am so bitterly opposed to this . If you 're busy , that has always been a legitimate excuse . Uh-huh . If you are incapacitated , ill health , but to have the expense of , let 's see . They have five , six people at my polling place . They can come from all over the city , and I do n't know why we could n't have duplicate voting on some of this . Well , hopefully once they have , uh , you know , once they 've checked them off the list they , they do have to check them off a list -- Yes , I know . -- when they vote so hopefully they could n't . But is there , is every list checked as thoroughly as a , you know . We , back in , 

when I lived ... 