Okay , why do n't you start so you probably have a job you need to get to pretty soon . I 'm already on my job -- Oh , you are , -- so , you , you reached me at my job . Oh , wonderful , well how do you dress for work ? My , my dress for work , uh , most of the time is , uh , rather comfortable and casual -- 

Uh-huh . -- uh , usually , uh , slacks and a soft colored shirt . The , um , thing that , that distinguishes me a lot of the time when I have to dress real professionally for a meeting or something is I wear a clerical collar -- Uh-huh . -- and a suit and , uh , all of that sort of thing , 

but when I do n't need to dress up for a , a meeting or a -- Uh-huh . -- service of some sort , I do n't . So you 're in a church there ? Yes . Uh-huh . Well , I 'm working , this is my first morning to work down at our little church preschool , and they 've told me to wear just something terribly comfortable because these are two year olds , and they have a lot of , uh , they have BIBLE lessons and they have all the things during the morning , but they still have snack time and play time , 

so , I 'm going to be dressing just in casual slacks and T-shirts , probably not blue jeans , but little bit short of that , just , just tennis shoes and play clothes . Well , around there you can probably wear , uh , T-shirts and other things , 

but around here , at this time of the year -- Yeah . -- we are into sweaters -- I 'm envious . -- and , uh , coats . Well , it 's a beautiful day here , and it 's in the sixties , but we still have a lot of hot afternoons , it 's supposed to be eighty-five today , so you 'll still see people , it , it 's kind of an in between change , that they 're in their play clothes , I mean , they 're in their summer clothes during the afternoons , because you just ca n't stand the sweaters , 

but in the mornings people are dressing for work in their sweaters because they just want it to be fall so badly . Today , today we , we wear coats and -- Did you ? -- as the day , uh , warms up , we may go to light jackets , but I do n't think there 's an escape from light jackets . I understand . The wind will take away a lot of body heat . Well , so are the people around you , um , dressing similar to you ? Very similar . Uh-huh , so you do n't have to , you do n't have to buy the lot of the wardrobe that some of the people in banking and that kind of thing do . No , I 'm not stuck with that -- Well , that 's good . -- kind of a , uh , situation . 

That 's good . As I say , unless it happens to be , now yesterday I had to dress up , and -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , be more formal because I had a , a formal meeting at noon time , but then I can go home later in the day and , and be a little more casual -- Well that 's wonderful . 

-- and then if I have a , a meeting of people that I know , I can be very casual in the evening . Well , my husband has to take the bus into Dallas , and does n't return all day , so he has to dress , and he just really hates it , they have the long sleeve shirts and the whole tie and the whole suit , 

and even when his job is not going to be with people all day long , he said it 's just part of the uniform and the expected image that they have to dress . Yeah , that 's , around here in a lot of places that 's the way it is -- Uh-huh . -- I mean , there , there are ex , expected , uh , dress codes -- Uh-huh . -- and the people need to follow that . I think , uh , years ago , I used to be far more , uh , committed to the idea of , of a dress code -- Uh-huh . 

-- but I 've relaxed a lot more as I 've gotten older and become more comfortable with myself . Well , I think that 's , I think that 's great . I think that 's good . It 's taken a long time to break away , from , from that -- I understand . -- but now that I 've broken away from it , I 'm , I 'm glad I have . Well , another interesting thing on the our , our end here is how , even in my forties , how much younger I dress than my mother would have in her forties , and I will run around to the store in things , in slacks and tennis shoes , and she , You mean you do n't need to wear little old house dresses any more ? Right , and pearls , and she would not have even probably owned a pair of tennis shoes after she got out of high school , so , uh , she tells me I dress young , but that 's okay MUMBLEx . That 's a good idea , that 's a good idea . Well , there 's not a lot more I can think of to discuss on clothing . No , there , you know , MUMBLEx I guess this is what you call a natural end . Yeah , what kind , what kind of shoes do they wear down there ? Well , we wear , of course , like I said , if my husband 's going downtown , he 's got the whole , uh , you know , the dress men 's dress shoes -- Uh-huh . -- but for as out here , just anything that the moms , we all kind of have our own little dress code of just either tennis shoes or little loafers and , and , uh , tights , and things that feel comfortable to us around our kids . We , we can wear pretty much that , although , um , tennis shoes are kind of out -- Yeah , I 'm sure they are there . -- in , in almost every , every situation -- Yeah , I 'm sure they are . -- unless you want to look like a gook . That 's right , I 'm sure that true . It 's a lot different than working in a kids preschool . A lot different . That 's right . Well , you all have a nice day there . You too , and thank you for calling . Thank you very much . Uh-huh . Bye-bye . Bye . 