Well I grew up out in the country and , uh , was used to having , uh , guns around the place and , uh , Uh-huh . I 'm , uh , not for gun control , Uh-huh . in the strictest sense of the , uh , word . I , I think I 'm kind of bent towards middle liberal of the bridge myself . Yeah . You know , I have quite a collection myself and , you know , I 'm a good hunter and I started hunting when I was twelve years old . Of course , my parents made me take hunters safety classes and , Yeah . you know , I do n't want to see them ban guns completely but I do n't want them to completely turn loose of their controls either 

so , Yeah . Well I , I feel that its , uh , I think the what was National Rifle Association , uh , had this bumper sticker a few years back if , uh , about if you outlaw guns , only outlaws will have guns then . I believe that . And I believe that too because the person that is wanting to , commit a crime is going to find a way to get a gum , a gu- , a gun , a knife , a , a rock , Yeah . a stick , whatever it is , to commit a crime with , Yeah . and it 's the honest citizens like ourselves that are responsible about use of guns , uh , we can handle it but there 's an element that ca n't . Yeah and it 's , you know , it 's got to the point now where even our , our police departments and our D E A agents and everything have to carry automatic weapons because everybody that 's in drug trafet- , trafficking has got them . They have got them outgunned . You know . Yeah . So . There was a an article in the paper just this week where I think it 's , uh , one of the gun companies , I ca n't remember which , was developing a ten metal , ten millimeter automatic pistol for the F B I -- Um . -- which would give them additional firepower . It had , held like a fifteen shot clip , Yeah . which , uh , would be able , th- , they would be able to put down anything that came at them , Yeah , that would be , but you figure you got some drug guy out there that 's got an Uzi machine gun , uh , Yeah , that 's , a thirty-eight , uh , Smith and Wesson revolver is n't going to do you much good . No it 's sure not . Huh-uh . Yeah . I have lived in , uh , Illinois at one time and they , they passed a , uh , it was n't really gun control but it was , you had to register as a gun owner , you did n't have to list your guns , Yeah . but you had to have this card , it was like a driver 's license card that you had to have it in order to buy ammunition -- Um . -- and that was the first , uh , this was twenty years ago . Yeah . But they had that so that they were trying to control it a little bit in that respect . See in California they , Pardon ? In California they make you register when you buy ammunition . Yeah . Uh-huh . You have to sign a , you know , they take your name and driver 's license number , hunter , hunting license number and all that good stuff , Yeah . before you can buy any big ammunition . Yeah . Especially for handguns , Yeah . now rifles are n't too bad , but , you know , any kind of handgun at all , if it will fit in a handgun and a rifle you would still have to buy it , Yeah . or sign up for it , so . We lived in Tennessee for awhile and I bought a pistol there and there was a fifteen day waiting period . You had to fill out an application and , Uh-huh . go down to the sheriff 's office and get fingerprinted and , Gee . then you had fifteen days while they checked to see if you had any kind of criminal record before that you could pick up the gun you were purchasing . Gee , that 's not a bad idea . No , I think that , uh , you know , a , a waiting period , uh , Yeah . can make a difference but again it 's going to be the law abiding citizen that 's going to comply with that . Yeah , yeah it is . So there 's , I do n't , No . think there 's any way to control the criminal element as far as guns is concerned because , Th- , the only way they could do it I think , would be to stiffen the penalties on anybody using a gun . Right , right . You know , I think if we kind of stiffen them up a little bit , course , i- , I , I feel kind of weird about that anyway , I think if somebody shoots somebody , they ought to be shot . Yeah , I 'm , So . We , we 're getting into capital punishment now . Yeah , but , you know . But I , I agree with you there that , uh , It would definitely be gun control . Yeah . The , uh , the , again the purpose of gun control is to control how it is being used -- Yeah . -- is what the purpose should be . Yeah . It 's not to keep people from buying a gun that need one for a specific purpose , legal purpose -- Yeah . -- but to keep the guy that 's illegal from getting his hands on one . Yeah . And I 'm in favor of keeping the , the illegal guy from getting one in his hands but , Myself . the legal person or lawful person should not be penalized because there is the criminal element . Yeah . Well and the- , they 're actually a necessity in life , you know . Oh yes . They 're not , you know , not everybody needs a gun but sooner or later I need one . You know , whether I 'm out hunting or you know , I 'm never had to protect my life or , Yeah . well I did in the service but not , you know , not on the street so I do n't really need one in the , in the aspects , You do n't have to carry one in your car or your , uh , No , huh-uh . or your pocket all the time . Yeah . No . So mine are , you know , I use mine for recreation , Yeah . I do n't , and I enjoyed my guns . Yeah . I have a good time with them so , Well I know what , uh , I took my kids out and taught them out , how to shoot a gun . My wife the same thing , uh , she knows how to shoot any weapon that we have no- , not that I have an arsenal or anything , Yeah . but we have several guns around the house one of these days my grandkids probably . Probably . Yeah . But I think it 's , uh , you got to have , have the pl- , living in Dallas there 's not that many places to go shoot but , No , huh-uh . uh , still I think they ought to know how to use one and that it 's not just a toy and that when , it 's not like on T V when someone gets shot , uh , they get back up . If someone gets shot with a , Yeah . real gun they do n't get back up . Yeah . I had to explain that to my , I 've got a six year old now and he , you know , I have a fifteen year old and a seventeen year old , well they understand now . Yeah . You know I 've taken time to teach them and now the young boy wants to know and , you know , like I told him , you 're a little bit young for a gun . Let me go out here and , you know , we would start with the B B gun deal , you know , Yeah . so he started with the B B gun and shot a couple of holes in a couple of windows and I took it away from him , I said now , you know , so he 's learning the hard way but at least it was a B B gun not a twenty-two or a four ten or something so , I remember I had an old uncle up by Tulsa , Oklahoma that took me out and , uh , showed me . This was , it was not my , it was my mother 's uncle , this was a gentleman in his sixties , Um . and he took me out with him and , uh , single shot twenty-two , Uh-huh . and taught me how to shoot . We went squirrel hunting and , All right . and , uh , he taught me how to shoot , uh , a old single shot twenty-two and , I was probably about twelve at the time , Uh-huh . and I thought that was the neatest thing and , Yeah . of course Uncle Sam took me out , took me hunting with him and he let me shoot and showed me how . All right . I think there is a lot of responsibility on any of us gun owners to make sure that whoever is around us is at least safe and knows how to use one . Right . You know , I do n't want to get out there deer hunting and have some guy blow me away , so . Oh , yeah . Well that 's about all I , we agreed pretty well on this I think . Yeah , I think so . Okay . Well it 's been real nice talking with you . All right , have a good one . Okay , bye . Bye-bye . 