Uh , so , do you think our politicians are honest at this point in time ? Generally , I do n't think they are . Uh , my , my personal opinion is that , uh , the politicians are out for their own good because they , they 're entrenched . Uh-huh . They do n't ever have to go out and get a real job . They just -- Uh-huh . -- stay in their current job , 

you know what I mean ? I agree , uh , with , with both of those things , but , uh , do you see any way of like altering it so that they would become more honest ? I think by putting term limitations on you could , you could slow down some of the problems . Uh-huh . Uh , but it has to be not just at the national level but at the , you know , the state and the local level , too . I know some senators , and I do n't know which ones , but they 've been in office since the , the nineteen forties -- Uh-huh . -- and I , th- , they 've never had a job . 

I mean they 've never gone out in the real world and , and paid normal taxes . Um . I know they pay taxes , but they do n't -- Yeah . -- you know , they , they get paid a hundred and twenty-five grand a year . Uh-huh . Which is more than twice my salary by quite a bit 

and , you know , I 'm going , like , I , I do n't understand how they 're supposed to be my servants and yet they 're paid more than I am -- Uh-huh . -- and they work less , you know , less than I do . Uh-huh . Uh , the only prob- , the only problem I see with term limitations , uh , is that I think that the bureaucracy in our government as is in , with most governments is just so complex that there 's a very lar , you know , there , there is a learning curve and that , you know , you d- , ca n't just send someone off to Washington and expect , you know , his first day to be an effective , uh , Congress person . Uh , I think , I think there really is a , there 's a lot they need to learn , you know , when you get there . I think , I think that 's true , however , I think that 's always been true . Uh-huh . I mean , that 's true of the Presidency , too , and we seem to be able to get along with the President turnover ever eight years or four years . And , uh , Yeah but , They , I mean , there is a lot to learn , but maybe it will keep them on their toes and a little bit more active in trying to catch up . I think two years is too short . Uh-huh . I think it would have to be extended , uh , you know , a term limitation for Congress would be like three terms or even four terms or you would increase the length of the , of each term of a Congressman . Uh , but maybe standardizing on , on a , a four year term for Congress -- Uh-huh . -- Senate and the , the Presidency and then , uh , staggering them so that you do n't , we are n't tackling a massive ballot every four years . Uh , the other , the other thing that , uh , bothers me about our system is just that , uh , in , for , for , in , in , in Congress the amount of power any , any particular Congress critter has is based on their seniority and how long they 've been there so it 's , you know , for , you know , uh , so unless you have actual , you know , across the board s- , uh , limitations , the , uh , you know , the idea of , well , we 're going to just , we 're , I 'm , I 'm just going to , you know , vote , vote against the incumbent every time does n't work , you know , it 's going to wind up hurting your state if all the other states are n't doing it at the same time . Uh-huh . I think , I think that that 's true , but then you have , you have the same abuse of power on the flip side of that coin . Uh-huh . Uh , the C I A is moving out to West Virginia which is a really stupid location for a large agency like that and for almost any agency . I mean , the action is n't in West Virginia . I hate to tell the s- , the senator from West Virginia this information , but -- -- it really does n't e- , ar- , the world does not revolve around West Virginia -- -- uh , as far as this country is concerned , the world does revolve around D C , you know -- Uh-huh . -- as far as the politics in this country are concerned , the national politics and the C I A is a , a very large , very high profile agency and to have it located out in West Virginia , yeah , you know , it might only be two hour drive from here , but that 's a two hour drive -- Yeah . -- and , uh , you know , it , it 's a , I think it 's a mistake to move large agencies like that -- Uh-huh . -- or is it the F B I . I do n't remember , but I think there 's , Well , I mean , l- , t- , I do n't see why it makes a big difference the C I A because , you know , officially they do n't do , they do n't have any operations within the United States other than administrative . Yeah , that 's officially . Uh-huh . I mean , we all know that that 's not necessarily true . But I , I think that there are , there are advantages to having seniority and , uh , turn- , or , not having a complete turnover every , some small number of years . I think there are , I mean there 's an institutional memory that you need to maintain . Uh-huh . But I think that , uh , all , with all the perks that we 've given them , I mean , I heard on the radio back a , a few weeks ago , uh , during the incidents where they were , you know , like they are n't paying their , their restaurant bills and -- Uh-huh . -- they 're bouncing checks all over the place -- Uh-huh . -- uh , one of the radio stations over here listed off every single one of the perks . 