Well , I , I do n't think that it 's , it 's wrong for a company to require drug testing for certain types of positions . For instance , jobs that require use of heavy machinery and things like that where there 's , where there 's , uh , endangerment to their own life and other people 's lives . Uh , I agree with that . People that are , uh , driving -- Uh-huh . -- like , uh , truck drivers and things like that . I definitely think they should be tested . And I 'm not , I 'm not opposed to any testing . I mean because I know I certainly would n't want to , to , uh , you know , be endangered by somebody in a company that accidentally dropped something on me or , or you know , because he was on drugs while he was there . Yeah . Uh ... 

Well , how do you , how do you feel about , uh , companies drug testing prior to hiring ? Oh , uh , I was tested , uh , within my company . I think it 's kind of a push to , uh , weed out drugs in states and , because I do n't know of any other countries that are doing this -- Uh-huh . -- and I , I feel like it 's really just within the United States . It 's , uh , it 's okay . 

I think your record should stand for itself . That , you know , if you 've been tested at other companies and you 've always come up negative or whatever , then I do n't see what the big deal is that they have to go to all the expense -- Uh-huh . -- of testing you over and over and over . And once you 've established the fact that you 're not a drug user and especially if your personality proves that you 're not . I think they could , uh , save money by not doing that . You know , every time , say if you change jobs you would n't have to do it if you 'd just been tested at your other work place . Well , what about random testing , though . Oh . 

Do you feel like that 's an in- , invasion of certain people 's rights if not everyone is tested ? Uh , not if it 's done fairly . And that 's probably my question is , how , how do you know it 's done fairly . I do n't know that you do . If it 's random , then it 's random -- Yeah . 

-- and that 's not necessarily fair . Well , they might tell you it 's random . Uh-huh . But then , you know , it 's kind of like a , a lottery . Somebody in their lifetime may win millions of dollars where another person does n't win anything , and tries and tries and tries . Yeah . You know . Well , I ha- , I know that , for instance , in the N C double A , they drug test 

and it 's not random . Oh , I see . How 'd , how did they , how do they pick their people ? Uh , well , I think all college players have to do an initial drug test at a certain point prior to the season -- Uh-huh . -- and from that point on , uh , at , the N C double A does have something to do with it , but it 's almost discretionary on the coach 's part of each in , individu , individual institution to identify the ones that have the problem . Oh , I see . So , do you ... 

And , and the ones that test positive have to retest after a certain period of time . Right . Well , do you think that should be implemented in the work place . You know , as like a manager or supervisor thinks or has suspicion that someone is using drugs , do you think they should have the right to send them -- Well , not being a -- -- to be tested . 

-- drug user I do n't have a problem with that personally -- Right . -- but I think that might be a violation of someone 's rights . If someone 's having personal problems for some reason that 's causing them to h- , behave differently -- Right . -- and their manager assumes they have a drug problem -- -- I mean if someone assumed that of me , I would be upset . Right , right . Yeah , it , it would almost be like a , a , uh ... It 's an accusation , and , and it 's -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's based on , on a perception that someone has as how a drug user would behave when some drug users behave , uh , normal , uh , you know . And then how would you feel afterwards when you came up negative and , you know , your supervisor has accused you of using drugs . Right , exactly . I , I do n't , the , I think almost the only way that drug testing can be done fairly is if it 's across the board from , from the janitors to the executive management . Right . I agree with that . Because I know personally myself , I 've been in the same job for three years , it will be three years in August and I 've already been drug tested three times . What type of job do you have ? Well , I 'm an environmental engineer -- Uh-huh . -- and I 've been drug tested three times and I know many people that have never been tested in their lifetime and the company I work for is sixty thousand people , plus . So see I , for some reason , I 've come up three times . That 's pretty high statistics . Well , does your r- , does your job require you to drive company equipment or to ap- , operate any type of machinery that might -- No . -- endanger someone ? No , not at all . Well , that does n't , I mean I ... It 's a legal job , you know -- Uh-huh . -- so , see it 's really strange . That is odd . I was drug tested , uh , not for the job I have now , but for the prior job , uh , but I know that they sent , that the job I had before , that , well , the job I have , have now , requested my , uh , uh , my , uh , medical record from my old company -- Oh , uh-huh . -- so I do n't know if I was n't drug tested based on that or because the man who hired me did n't request the drug test , because I know that my company does drug testing on occasion . Right . Well , does your , the company say , for instance , does the company you worked for bef- , before have the right or do they have the ability to say , hey , we 've already drug tested her and she came up negative . Well , no , I do n't think they can , they can force another company to not drug test me just by saying that I , I -- Yeah . -- did n't , I mean , they do n't know that I do n't use drugs . They just tested me once . Right , right . But , I used to work for a power company , so it was very important that they make sure their employees , especially linemen -- Uh-huh . -- uh , were clean . Uh-huh . And since I was just , you know , one of the office folk , I guess it was n't as important to them that they test me regularly . But I know they test most of the service people fairly regularly -- Uh-huh . -- reg- , uh , just across the board . Yeah . And are they tested random ? No , they 're , all of them are tested -- They 're ... -- once every three mo- , it 's a rotation . Oh , okay . I see . But it , but again , it depends on what job you 're in . Yeah . The men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot and the men that drive the trucks -- Uh-huh . -- with , with the guys that fix the power lines are n't tested as much . Uh-huh . But , but see , they make that clear to them as they hire those guys -- Oh , I see . -- what , what the drug testing schedule is . They say we , we 're testing you tomorrow and we 'll test you every three months thereafter while you work here . Uh-huh . Okay , so they know that . And that 's ... Yeah , it 's , it 's made very clear upon hiring . Uh-huh . Okay . Well ... Well , have we spent our at least five minutes ? Yeah -- Okay . -- I think so . Yeah , seven twenty-five . Okay . Okay , nice speaking to you . Nice talking to you . Bye-bye Bye . 