So , how do you feel about our policy in Latin America ? . Oh , I 'm all in favor of it , yeah . No , I , uh , I think we 've been doing a pretty good job , you know , not , uh , not taking advantage of our , you know , of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us , you know , uh , I mean we could direct the government even more than we have been . I do n't think we 've been doing too bad . Yeah . Well , do you think that 's , do you think that 's right ? Do you think , Um . we should direct the government ? . Well , I think that , uh , as a whole that the , being that the drug problem , the drug industry can , uh , bring so much money to a country . 

I think that if it was n't for the United States Government matching that the g- , the drug , uh , cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America . Yeah . Just that , uh , money is power , Yeah . and , uh , Well , I have a friend that 's , uh , de- , his descendants are from , uh , uh , Nicaragua and , uh , very , 

I mean it 's like his mother , his , Uh-huh . mother came over and , uh , he , you know , I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about , you know , our intervention and their government and stuff like that , Uh-huh . and he , he was all for it because it 's just like you say , uh , 

there 's so many people there that , that get the kind of control that 's bad , you know , Uh-huh . and that their governments can become so corrupt and it 's like , well , you know , I use to feel like , well , they , they , should work their way , you know , they should , should be able to work their self out of it or , you know , why , why , why intervene in another country 's , you know , problems and things like that . Why , why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that but I think just a lot of times if we do n't then , then it , then that influence will affect our country too for one . And for two , you know , that it does help . I mean , you know , I think the people in those country do want our help . The people that are under conditions that are , you know , not favorable to this their rights . Right . Exactly . So , Yeah . Yeah , But , uh , But , uh , I wish we did n't have to . I mean I 'd rather , even if a country chooses a government that 's not , you know , exactly the kind of government that we have , you know or , or as in complete opposition to it , at least it 's their choice , as long , as long it 's one that 's , that , that makes since , so to speak , you know , it is a government that stays in power , that can stay in power , but it seems like most of them do n't , Yeah . you know . Well , sometimes that 's , that 's America doing that too -- Oh , yeah . -- you know , we , we fall out of , uh , agreements with certain leaders and then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader , you know . It 's , uh , So you think like C I A influence and our money over there . That , and , uh , that and , yeah , America starts talking then about removing bases and , and whatnot and , Yeah . stuff like that , Or , and people . or government aids and stuff . Right . Yeah , I think that has a lot of things to did with , uh , um , Well , then how can you , how can you say as far as like in , uh , Europe , as far as the , the toppling of those kinds of governments , you know , like , Yeah , that was , uh , I mean , I 'm , I 'm really wondering whether that 's going it settle down or not , because on one hand you have , you know , that the , you know , the , Soviet Government , of course , mistreating a lot of the , uh , Slovak countries and then , Uh-huh . on the other hand , you have , well , they , they were feeding us , you know , so , uh -- Yeah . -- I do n't know really what 's going to happen . But we do n't , we 're not intervening in that , or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing . Oh , Are , yeah . I think we 're getting quite a , put it this way , I think , no , I think the people are , And , revolting themselves , Yeah . and we 're , uh , See , I , allowing , I agree with that . it to happen . Yeah , Yeah . I , I agree that , that the communication that now , that communication has , become so much more widespread and , you know , worldwide that people are realizing hey , we do n't have it so good and let 's stand up -- Right . -- you know , uh , this is ridiculous we 're living , with these kind of conditions in a world that 's advancing as fast as it is -- Uh-huh . -- that , uh , I think people are just saying , no way , we do n't want anywhere of this . Yeah . I think , uh , Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive , you know , Yeah . where it 's always the minority that are , are trying to make the country better . Yeah . Well , I mean , I do n't mean to , well , I guess I do in a way , sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that . I think that , that , uh , because of those co- , countries a lot , you know , where such Catholic influence . And I think the Catholic religion itself was , was such a dominant factor , as far as keeping the people down , so to speak , I thought , but , it was the other way around . They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this , so all the persecution that they 're sort of use to it , it 's been , Uh . sort of like , you know . But , but see , but I do n't agree with that because the Catholic religion , as far as through the ages has been the rule , so to speak . You know , they are the ones that set , that set a lot of the rules and they are the ones that do keep the people down , I mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they do n't understand when anything is being said yet they 're , yet they 're expected to bow down to it , I think that keeps people in sort of line , you know . I do n't quite understand that . Do they even understand what 's being said ? Well , when , when it use to be Latin . I 'm just saying , Oh , yeah , that , the old church . the old church . Yeah . Yeah . Which it 's not that way now but I think that there is , just that , I think that it 's just Latin countries are slower in coming around . Well , they actually understood , it is in America where it was hard Latin , you know -- Well , Latin , -- is very , very , very close to Spanish . Uh , they still did n't understand it though , I do n't think , Yeah . because I , I descend from that . And I , you know , I do n't , ca n't , I do n't understand Latin -- Uh . -- and I 'm of Spanish descent . So , Yeah . um , I , I just think that has something to do with why Latinos or , tend to be , you know , the mee , the more meek , you know , they tend to be more , like not stand up for their rights as much . They 're not really sure of what they are . I do n't think . Uh , I never really thought of , Well , I mean , how , it that way . can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to , to say the people in Latin America . I mean , why are they , why are they not as vocal or why do they not , you know , stand up , so to speak , for their rights ? I do n't know , could be the , the economic still . You know , the , there 's , the poverty level is certainly , uh , you know , much worse in the Latin American countries . I mean , you can say that about Africa too . I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic , uh , country , Uh-huh . and yet , you know , they have the same problem where , you know , Uh , I do n't , where kings and such , agree with that . I do n't agree , because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in , in , uh , Africa . I think they 've made a lot more chances . They , they 've , they 're very vocal . Well , in South Africa , yeah . In South Africa I think they are , but yet , you know , So , what 's the difference ? Idi Amin was , you know , in power for so long . Yeah . Uh , racial , I think , or like you say , maybe communication of knowing that , hey , up in other English colonies , or previous English colonies , everything is equal and yet down there it 's not , Yeah . you know , I think communication does have a lot to do with it , you know , in education , Yeah . maybe . I do n't know about education because the black community is still not very educated down there . So , I think it is communication , it 's just oopsy . I think it maybe has to do with a lo- , a lot to do with education because you look at the , uh , European countries , I think they tend to be more educated , much more , Uh-huh . educated than , than Africa or the Latin American countries . Yeah , that 's true . You know that , I do n't know whether , uh , actually I , I 've always wondered whether , how the education system works in the Russian countries , Uh-huh . the Republics , you know . Well , I know that Russia , they 're , they 're comparably more , better educated than we are , Really . in our country . That 's good , in a way . You know , uh , something we compete with . Yeah . Uh , and I 've been sort of disappointed how that they , they say literacy rate has gone down , you know , that 's sort of upsetting , Yeah . to think that we 're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer . In our country ? In our country , yeah , Yeah . that is really upsetting and , and , considering it 's free , you know , I mean good education is really still free . Yeah . Well , that 's just it though , good education . Uh-huh . Is it good education ? It may be free but is it good education and that 's just it are we willing to pay for it , Yeah . you know , Uh-huh . I mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all but , so are they willing to , pay for , you know quality education , you know ? Uh-huh . So , you know , and yet they , yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology , you know , that we use to dominate and it 's like well , you know , they 're educating their people to higher degrees than we do . So , you 're going to have to expect it . So what you , are you willing to compromise a little and , and pay , pay some , take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education . So , I do n't know . Uh . But , I , I , 