What kind of a car do you drive now ? I drive a Honda Prelude . Do you ? I drive a Honda Accord . Oh , yeah . Yeah . I bought mine a year ago so I 'm not buying a car any time soon . Yeah , me either . I just bought mine , uh , it will be a year in August . Yeah . I love it though . I love Hondas . Yeah . It , I think I found my car . Well , I , I like where all the controls are -- Right . -- they 're , they 're in good spots Oh , really , Yeah . I have a standard . But , um , I , it 's , an it 's supposedly real reliable 

the only thing I 've ever heard about Hondas is that the breaks go out first . Oh , really ? Yeah . I had n't heard that . Yeah . What did you have before you bought that . I had a Buick Regal . Did you ? Yeah . I had , uh , a Mazda R X Seven before that 

and that was the worse car I 've ever driven in my life . The Buick was , was great . It was nine years old and it , Really ? was still going strong . The only problems I had with it in the nine years that I owned it , I had to replace the compressor when it was about seven years old . Really ? And that was the only major problem that I had , I mean , 

I had like little piddly things like -- Yeah . -- I had to replace the muffler and I had replaced the tires and , uh , seems like it had a radiator leak once . But I never had any major anything , Right . other than the compressor . I really never had anything major with my Mazda but it was a standard also and the clutch went out on it toward the end , I had it five years and the last year , last two years it seemed to go out really easily . I think it went out twice in two years and that 's , that 's a lot 

it should n't go out that much . Huh-uh . And so I went ahead and bought another standard when I bought the Honda but I do n't think I 'm going to do that again . 

I think I 'm going back to automatic now . Well , I never , well , I kind of know how to drive standard but I 've never owned one so I had n't , I do n't drive one a lot . Right . So , I do n't feel comfortable in traffic with it . Right . And for everything I 've heard it 's a lot easier to sell an automatic . Yeah , it is . And , That 's true . and resale value is really important to me . Yeah , it is me too that 's why I got the Honda . Yeah . Hondas have great resale value . Yeah . The Mazda definitely did not . Not at all . 

They 're worse than American cars I think or just as bad as far as resale goes . I did pretty well with my , uh , Regal because it was in really good shape but , Yeah . it still looked real nice , the , the interior was still really nice , there was n't cracks all over the dash board and stuff . Right . And it had some , some nice features . So I ended up okay with the Buick , Good . and I anticipate the same thing with the Honda whenever I decide to sell it , of course , I may never sell it , Right . I may drive it until it 's dead but , Yeah . 

That 's what I did with the Mazda , drive it until the , until the clutch went out and the wheels fell off , Yeah . so , probably what I 'll do again . Yeah . But I really like the Hondas . I like foreign cars -- Uh-huh . -- a lot . Well , I looked at the Mitsubishi Galant . I was looking for a four door car having driven the R X Seven so long , Uh-huh . and it was so small and it 's really impractical . So , I wanted something with a real trunk , and four doors something easy to get in and out of and I looked at the Galant and those were really nice 

and I can get them for a great price . Yeah . But I found it hard to deal with the , the dealership I was going through . Oh . So , that 's how I ended up with a Honda . I was n't even looking for a car when I bought this car . I , uh , I was thinking about buying a Prelude from a friend who was moving to New York or something so and she was going to sell her car because she did n't need it anymore and it was only like a year old and I had never driven , uh , a Prelude . 

So , I went to a dealership because they had like , uh , the same year and same model , Right . of Prelude on their used car lot and I went and I test drove it and , you know , I just fell in love , Oh , yeah . with this brand new white Prelude , uh , you know , They 're nice I think . two liter S I with the sun roof and the moon roof and I , Oh , yeah . bought it loaded . Oh , yeah . I have to have them loaded , Oh , um , I love all those little things that you do n't need but they 're so wonderful . Yeah . I went there looking at a used car and two days later I bought this car . I felt like , I felt like that was the worst impulse , that was , that was largest impulse that I , that I had ever made . The oth , the two , I understand . other things that I bought on impulse are a V C R and a washer , and dryer . I go for the big stuff . Yeah . I noticed . Mine was definitely not impulse I really needed a new car . Mine was just , it was getting worn out I guess from being a sports car . I drove it kind of hard , Oh . and I got it right after high school . So , by the time I traded it in it was ready . Yeah . I got , I got my Buick as a high school graduation gift . Did you ? Yeah . But I , I guess this was n't really an impulse , I mean , buying it right then and , you know , right quickly was kind of impulsive but I 'd been thinking about buying a new car for about three years and I was just scared to . Right . I was scared to start taking on payments because the Buick was long since paid for . Right . That 's the same with me . Would you ever buy a used car for a new car for yourself ? Buy a , wha , ar , you , Like , buy a used car ? Right . Sure . I , I was going to buy one once but I just , I worry about who 's driven them and what they 've been through and the warranties and things like that . Yeah . Just , I ca n't seem to get over that . That just bothers me I do n't know why . Well , um , like on Hondas they , supposedly , the maintenance records was supposed to be registered with Honda or whatever and you can request whatever maintenance records exist on cars and you can have them checked out by mechanics and stuff . Yeah , that 's true . I mean they ca n't stop you from doing it . Hoping that they do go to a Honda dealership to get them serviced . Yeah . Yeah . Well , and even if they did n't , you can still get a good idea from a , if you can get a good mechanic to , Yeah . check it over real carefully and check the block and everything . That 's true . So . Well , I guess that 's all . Okay . Well , I enjoyed talking to you . I enjoyed talking to you . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 