Okay , what , do you do artistic painting ? Uh , I do tole painting . Oh , you do ? Uh-huh , I really love the tole painting . Uh , I have n't done any of the oil or watercolor . I would like to learn that someday , but right now my passion is tole painting . Do you do a lot of it ? Uh-huh . I , I took one class about , I guess three or four years ago 

and I 've done a little , uh , Oh . But it takes a lot of time . It does , it is real time consuming and , D , do you sell your projects ? Uh , mostly I have just given them away as gifts . Uh-huh . Uh , I 've done , uh , perpetual calendars and cookie jar lids and , oh , on and on , you know , just things like that , but -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I would eventually like to make enough to sell and quit my job Where do you work at ? I just work at Stop and Shop out there in , in Ogden so , Now do you ever send any of your stuff to the boutique ? No , I 've wanted to do that , uh , but just have n't , just have n't mass produced enough to do that . Uh-huh . So , I have five children of my own , so it 's -- That keeps you busy . -- they , they keep me busy and tole painting is just a , you know , something I do in my spare time so , Uh-huh . Have you tried any of the , well , do you cut out your own projects ? Yes , uh-huh , I have my own saws and so I really enjoy doing that . Huh . Do you , uh , ever spray your projects with the , I mean a base coat first or do you brush it on ? I brush it on , yeah , I have n't tried a , a spray varnish . I use just a wood sealer . Uh-huh . Yeah . I just bought a spray gun , one of those airless , uh , not airless , high volume , low pressure spray guns . Oh , uh-huh . And I do a lot of woodworking and -- Do you ? -- that 's what I bought it for . Oh . But I have n't used it yet . Oh , well that 's that 'ud probably give you a smoother finish , would n't it ? Yeah . Oh . Yeah . Now what type of woodworking do you do ? Uh , fine furniture . Oh -- Yeah . -- do you ? That 's why I brought , bought the sprayer -- Oh . -- is to finish my projects . That 's my worst , worst part of my woodworking . I get so sick of making , Oh , but it 's hard to finish it , huh . Yeah , but spraying does put on a nicer finish . Oh , well , that is interesting . So , what kind of equipment do you have ? For woodworking ? Uh-huh . Uh , let me see , table saw , scroll saw , band saw , lathe , routers , and -t 's about it . Boy , it sounds like you 're really into it . That is nice . Yeah , it is . Yeah , I , I just have a scroll saw and a jig saw and I am really anxious to get a band saw and a router . Yeah , the band saw is really nice . I have an Inca . I do n't know if you 've ever heard of those . Oh . But it 's nice to have the right equipment . Yeah , that is , that makes it easier , does n't it ? Uh-huh . Well , have you sold any of your furniture or -- Uh -- -- just , -- not , mostly I do like you do , give it away as gifts . Uh-huh . But , Yeah . Making my own furniture . Oh , that 's interesting . Do you , uh , did you take classes to learn how to do that ? Uh , just in junior high -- Uh-huh . -- and then I just kept on through high school and then got my own equipment , kept up with that . Oh , so yours is mostly just a hobby , too , then . Yeah . Oh . Yeah . Well , that is interesting . Oh , I would , I really would love to go take a class in woodworking and learn how to . I do n't know if I necessarily want to do furniture , but mostly , uh , just -- Like -- -- do more , -- the shelves and , Uh-huh , the woodworking . For your -- Uh , -- tole painting . Yeah . Yeah , so , it 's fun . Good . Well , I guess I 'll let you go now . Well , they come on , we 're supposed to talk until they come on and -- Oh , they do ? -- tell us . Okay , so this is my first one . You 're probably a veteran -- Yeah . -- at this . Well , it has , it has been really fun . I 've enjoyed this . Uh , like I say , I 've made a couple of calls to Texas , and -- Uh-huh . -- just talked to all different kinds of people so I think you 'll enjoy doing it . Yeah . It 's fun . Sounds fun . Where do you buy your tole painting paints at around here ? Uh , you know , there 's a shop in Roy that I really love . Uh , and it 's there by the , Copper Mill restaurant , used to be the Hayloft . I am not famil , well , we live in Roy but , we haven- , is it on nineteen hundred ? Uh-huh . Uh , let 's see , I 'm trying to think of the name . I know where fifty-six hundred south is . Uh , I do n't right off . Is that Ben Franklin then ? Ben Franklin , okay . 