I guess we 're supposed to talk about what 's being done about recycling . Yes . Well , lots , right ? Right . Finally . Really , what , what do you do , now ? Well , we have saved our newspapers for years and years -- Uh-huh . -- because the , uh , Boy Scouts -- Uh-huh . 

-- our boys have been involved in have , uh , had a huge recycling bin , over at Resurrection Lutheran Church -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , so we 've done that for quite some time , but since the price of paper has gone down like it 's about a fifth of what it used to be -- Oh , really ? -- so the Boy Scout troop quit doing it when the City took it over . Okay . So now we just put ours out for the City of Plano . Do you live in Plano ? Yes , I do . Okay , 

yeah . Yeah , and I 'm so glad when they brought out those recycling bins . Right . Have you had yours now ? Yes . Yeah . Although just , just about a week ago some of my volunteer mothers that , uh , work in the library for me said they had n't gotten theirs . Oh , that 's why I asked you . Yeah . and not everyone got theirs right away . Yeah , 

yeah . And I , I was so relieved because I 've been making a real concerted effort , make , you know , recycling the aluminum and -- Uh-huh . -- the newspapers and even got into plastic because Wal-Mart collected it . Right , yeah , we used -- And , uh -- -- to take ours there . -- my garage was just getting overwhelmed . I know . And , of course , I did n't go weekly , so it became quite a big -- Right . -- thing , and , uh , Right , I 'm really glad they do it . Uh , yeah , 

I do news , mostly newspapers and , uh , plastic two liter diet Coke bottles . Yes , yeah . And aluminum cans some , but I do n't use as many of those . Uh-huh . I guess the ones that are hard to convince yourself to do are the ones that you have to really , that are really dirty that you have to wash out . Yeah , 

well , I found out after washing out many a peanut butter jar that they 're not a recycling number one or two . Uh , ha . Uh , ha , Wasting all your time and effort and , Putting it in there . Thinking I was safe in buying those jars as far as the environment was concerned . Yeah , yeah . But , uh , you know , but it , it 's not that hard now that I 've got this -- Got your routine down . -- system under control . Yeah . Yeah . Well , I guess there are some places , uh , in the north , in particular that , uh , have a real definite way of encouraging you to recycle 

because they charge you , let 's see , they charge you for your garbage pick up by the weight . Uh , uh-huh . So if you recycle things , of course , then you do n't have all that weight in there . Yeah , I do find that I do n't have as much to throw away -- Right . -- because -- That 's right . -- all the bulky things are , are -- Yeah . -- being tossed in -- Yeah . -- with the recycling . And , uh , I do n't know what they could do more of exactly around here right now other than , uh , what are some of the things they do n't recycle . Oh , one thing I thought about the other day were batteries , 

just everyday regular batteries . Um . Supposedly , you know , leak and , and contaminate -- Right . -- the landfills 

and , yet , what am I going to do when I have a couple double A batteries to toss out . Yeah , right . And they do n't take , Probably going to throw them in your trash . Yeah , that 's what happens because , Well , there are places that take car batteries , but I wonder if they would take , Yeah . I mean , not that it would , kind of a pain to , you know , drive over somewhere special just for that , for two little tiny batteries but , Yeah , yeah , but I think the city one could possibly look into that or something . Yeah , that 's true . Uh , if they 've got these bins for all the other little items , I 'm sure if p- , people will have batteries , uh , you know , quite often -- Right , that 's true . -- to , to toss out . 

Uh , when I was home those few days around Thanksgiving and the , uh , the truck came by , well , we all ran out to watch it because , you know , we 'd never really seen it -- Uh-huh . -- pick up our stuff and one thing I thought was interesting was that the driver had something on his belt that he , uh , scanned across the little bar code -- Oh . -- on our bin -- Oh , is that right ? -- as soon as he took the stuff and he just pulled this thing kind of out of his pocket and just , you know , scanned it , so I do n't know why , what that was reading it for -- Huh . -- but , uh -- Registering our garbage . -- they must be trying to keep track of , you know , who is doing it , or what , I guess . Yeah . I do n't know . Another , Would n't it be nice if you could get a credit back at the end of the year . Ooh , for those who are really cooperating . Yeah . Now , that would encourage it . Well , except I know it would just not be cost effective . They 've already got all this money out on hiring , uh , getting the trucks and hiring people to work them . I 'm sure they could n't afford -- Sure . -- that . But -- Sure . -- uh , But the garbage , uh , now there is just one garbage man that comes -- Yeah . -- on the truck instead of two . Oh , yeah . So that 's interesting . Uh , also , slightly off the subject , but our , our big green garbage thing got stolen . Oh , it did ? Uh-huh . Gosh . And we c , we called the City and , uh , they , they brought us a new one and they did not charge us . And they said that between three and four hundred have been stolen . Oh , my goodness . Is n't that sad ? It is sad . You know . And just , You know , they paid for those things anyway . Oh , and they must be , Or , our taxes do . Yeah , really expensive . I mean , of course , we were hoping we were n't , we were n't going to have to pay for it , you know -- Uh-huh . 

-- but , I mean , what would somebody do with them . 