What ? Do you want to start ? Uh , you hit , you hit , uh , it does n't matter . Um , we 're discussing the capital punishment , I believe . Right . You are right . Yeah . I , I suppose I should have , Uh , which 

I am , am pro capital punishment except that I do n't like the way it 's done . Uh-huh . Uh , yeah , uh , I , uh , I guess , I , I hate to see anyone die , uh -- Uh-huh . 

-- but , uh , I guess these people that go around and , and kill children and women and everything else without any remorse , uh , I do n't think they deserve to , to live and be supported by us the rest of their lives . I , I agree . I , I 'm , capital the , the , capital punishment is necessary in , in many cases but , uh , the , it 's not a deterrent , um , or our jails would not be so full . There would n't be so many people in Death Row . Uh-huh . 

I think it needs to be something , uh , uh , a throwback to where they did a , uh , public execution where it 's visible . Yeah . Uh , something , you know , not gruesome but , but something more where people know that it , it was a deterrent and it was equal for all people . If you committed a certain crime , you were going to receive a death penalty and it was going to happen to you . Yeah . No stays of execution . No , no loopholes , no , Well , and even , even that I do n't really know if that would help . I think a lot of these people do it , uh , mainly because of , of T V 

and , a- , Notoriety . the double reason ma- , they , they see it being done on T V and also the fact of , of notoriety . I mean , they become well known . They are almost like , like a big star . Ye- , yes , but , but they , they know that their chances of actually receiving the death penalty are minimal . Yeah . They know that they will probably be out in ten to twelve years . Uh-huh . That they are going to write a book . They are going to go on talk shows they 're goin , that , that , that 's a reward -- Yeah . 

-- uh , for a heinous crime rather than , uh , having them pay the penalty which is forfeiture of their life . Right . In , in complete , uh , MUMBLEx of any notoriety . Yeah . Well , I , I , I think if they went according to , uh , the BIBLE where it does say , Uh-huh . an eye for an eye , Right . a tooth for a tooth , a life for a life , uh , you take a life you give yours . Right . Uh , uh , that 's for sure . Uh , there 's exceptions to the rule I mean if , if it 's an accidental taking then , uh , you look at that but , you know , most of these people that down right go right and , and do it out of pure pleasure -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I do n't , uh , like to see that . I guess also the fact that they say it 's not a deterrent , 

it is a deterrent in the , in the sense that that person will never do it again . Well , yes , they will . Not , It , not , not if he 's killed he ca n't , Oh , MUMBLEx , do it again . well , that 's correct , yes . Ye- , if , if he indeed receives -- The death penalty . -- the death penalty and it is , it is executed . Uh-huh . Yeah . 

But , but the , the , the chances are not great that that will happen . Right . But there 's a greater chance that he 'll be back out on the streets in twelve years . Uh-huh , yeah . Well , I , I guess I 'm also looking at beyond even that . I , I , I guess I been thinking about it and I do n't have a definite opinion but , uh , repeat , uh , crimes -- Uh-huh . -- uh , maybe not the , the more mild ones but , you know , a more severe ones especially on , on armed robbery and stuff where they been taking from elderly people , Uh-huh . and not just taking the money but beating them half to death . That 's right . Just for pleasure too and -- Yes . -- I guess you 've got to look at something like that . Do they deserve to , uh , remain on this earth too ? Why , you know , y- , y- , you could carry it to that if , uh , if they are a repeat offender and , and you know that as soon as you let them out on the streets they are going to do this . Unfortunately the way our system of jurisprudence is set up , um , you only receive the death penalty for capital crimes , Right . and of course uh , of battery or assault or , that is not a capital crime see . You , you would n't be able to under our system . Right . Now China and a few other countries have a little different view of that . Um , you get caught with dope there and you die , period . Yeah . Uh-huh . There is , there is no , no appeals . 

There is no , 