Okay , do you vote regular ? . Yeah , Every one . But , uh , that 's just since , in the past say about six years . Before that I really did n't pay any attention at all . Well see , that 's me . I 've never paid any attention to voting . Oh , you have n't ? Huh-uh . Yeah . I did n't use to , but now I really , because I get so angry about what goes on 

and then I feel like I ca n't really complain too much , unless , Unless you have something to do with it . Yeah . Right . But the problem is , that I am very liberal politically and so I hardly ever have anybody that wins that I vote for . Oh , liberal , by , what do you mean by liberal , um . Liberal politically , I 'm , you know , like pretty left wing Demo- , Democrat , 

so . Well see , I do n't know anything about politics . Oh , you do n't ? Uh , what 's the main , what 's the main difference between Republicans and Democrats ? Okay , well , there 's a lot of them , um , it depends on what issue you 're talking about . But Democrats are , on a lot of issues are more liberal than Republicans , and well it used to be , it 's kind of hard to say now , especially after Desert Storm , 

but , um , I think back in the ei- , times when , uh , my political opinions were being formed like in Viet- , during the Vietnam war and stuff , Uh-huh . the Republicans were more , you know , what they called Hawks , which is more like aggressive in war and more pro war , Uh-huh . and pro aggression and , um , the Democrats were the Doves , they were more for peace . And I 'm not sure how much that holds true anymore , 

I think , you know , the issues are , Okay , and you vote for the Democrats or , Yeah , Usually . yeah and Democrats usually are su , more supportive of public assistance programs , Uh-huh . and , and programs to , um , the big Republican thing is that they do n't , they vote for less government , they want less government involvement , Uh-huh . in society and so they 're more , less apt to vote in , you know , more aid to people , 

or more , uh , they 're less apt to vote in programs that involve the government running things . Huh , okay . So , so have you ever voted at all ? No , I never have . You have n't ? Huh-uh . How old are you ? I 'm twenty-six . Oh , gosh . I know , I sho , I , Well . well , I do n't know mu- , that much about it . Uh-huh , uh-huh . I do n't keep up on it and I do n't feel like I ha , have enough knowledge on it to even , you know , Yeah . to pick the right person . Yeah , So that 's what they need , well , Uh-huh . it , uh , they said something to improve voting . Uh-huh . If they could make it more , oh , easier to find out , you know , what 's going on . 

Do you know what I mean ? Yeah , yeah . Like , uh , like to me , I do n't , I did n't know what would have been wrong with , I ca n't even remember who ran for president against Bush . I think it was , uh , that woman , Du- , was n't it a woman . No , it was Dukakis , Dukakis . from Massachusetts . Okay , did n't he have a woman , or was n't , or was that Reagan . 

There was a woman that was running for vice president for a while . Oh yeah , that was , Ferraro . yeah Ferraro . That was a while ago , that was a couple elections ago , yeah . Okay . Yeah , that 's okay . Well , that 's what I mean , 

like I did n't know what the difference between Dukakis and Bush was . Uh-huh . You know , I did n't know anything about Bush or Dukakis . So what do you think about , uh , what do you think about what you see on T V about them , like in the news or on the ads , do you kind of just , Okay , I do n't remember anything about Dukakis , You do n't ? but , well they 're all saying that they 're going to do , you know , whatever is best for their campaign anyway . Uh-huh , uh-huh . That 's what I mean , if they had some kind of public programs where you can just go out and , Uh-huh . I do n't know , 

like you know , in school they did n't teach you about demo- , uh , the government , Right . not really . You did n't get any government classes ? Huh-uh . Yeah , it 's really hard too , because before they used to have , um , a lot of , it seems like the stuff that they put out now , it , I mean , I , does n't just seem like it , I know for a fact that the , any kind of stuff that if you , wrote and asked for material , well what do you believe in , what do you believe in , they do n't take any stands on anything . 

They kind of say , well what do you want me to believe . Yeah . Or they word it so that it 's really hard to tell where they 're standing on certain issues . Well I 'm not sure they 're , yeah . I know how they do it . Uh-huh . It , 

like i- , with the abortion issues and stuff . Uh-huh . Yeah they have to kind of take a stand on some things , like abortion and things like that , so that 's kind of , how I judge . There 's a few things where they have to say yes or no , like abortion or gun control , or let me see , I try to look at what , if some of the newspaper articles , or the , I do n't trust T V as much , but newspaper articles can show wha , how they voted in the past 

and , Right . but you get , you know , it all depends again on who 's writing it and who they 're for , because they can slant that too . Right , and like I said most of the poli- , the politicians , I 'm MUMBLEx , also the politicians put out what makes them look good anyway . Uh-huh , yeah , yeah . And everybody 's got , you know , stuff they do n't want known . Right , everybody 's got a secret . 

So , Well anyway , I 'm sorry I did n't , I did n't have much knowledge . Well that 's okay . Do you think , I do n't even remember this being on there . do you think , um , I mean , what would it take , like , God , this is really good actually , tha- , for to talk to somebody who has n't voted , I mean , what kind of , Incentive ? how would it , how , what kind of stuff would they , would you like them to do so that , that you would know more about it . Like send stuff in the mail or have it at the library 

or , I guess that would be good , now I 'm sure they 've got it at the library , Uh-huh . you know . Uh-huh . I mean if I get to the library . I 've got two babies , so , I do n't , yeah , Oh do you ? Yeah , that will tie you down a little bit . But I , I do n't know . Or do you just not , do you feel like it 's not really going to make that much difference if you do n't vote or , Oh , I know if enough people think like that it , you know , would make a difference , Yeah . if people stopped thinking like that . Yeah . 

Um , well a lot of people , they 'll vote the way their family votes , you know , Uh-huh . Uh-huh , yeah . Then like your kids or whatever will follow you and just vote Democrat , right . Uh-huh , I mean , Well , not in my family . No . We 're kind of , we 're really independent . All split . But a lot of families do that . 

I know a lot of wives feel like they have to vote the way that their husbands vote . Right . And that kind of keeps from getting a lot of issues resolved . Golly . I lie . Huh . But well , I do n't know , if I did understand politics I probably would vote more , Uh-huh . But like I said if I voted for Bush , or like when , uh , Gary -- Hart ? -- Hart was running , Uh-huh . a lot of women would have voted for him just because he was nicer looking , not that I think he was good looking , but , Yeah . he was young . Yeah . And then , I did n't think that was right , because he may have been a good president , or whatever . Uh-huh . But because it , what , he had an affair , Yeah , yeah . and it just threw him out of the whole running . Yeah . And a lot of people go by their , uh , personal life when they vote and , Uh-huh , 

yeah . Which I guess if you got turmoil in your personal life , you 're going to let it come into work but , Uh-huh . I 'm sure there 's a lot of people that have had , I think everybody does , it just depends on how well you can hide it . Yeah . You know , and I , that 's very true , I , I think that does n't really have that much to do with , um , unless they 've done something really horrible , you know , Well , or something real abnormal . Well , criminal or something like that 's different , Yeah , right , but , but otherwise . if him and his wife were n't getting along , Uh-huh . I mean , what is , what effect does that have on him running for president . Do you know what I mean ? Yeah , yeah . It 's all so secretive , see we really do n't see the , That 's right . 

the true person anyway . I think that 's , that 's having a big effect on how poorly that the country is being run , is that , um , the , the election , the people that want to get elected are turning it into a popularity contest by advertising the things that , Right . you know , that really do n't have anything to do with how well they do the job . But see they 're trying to find an excuse not to deal with what , you know , the issues that people really want to know about , because on those issues you have to say yes or no . And if they do n't say yes or no , then maybe somebody will vote for them that would n't have if they had come down on the wrong side . Do you know what I 'm saying ? Right . So they just try and make it a personal thing , I mean , if you remember any of the T V commercials from the last presidential campaign , they all had , uh , pictures of Bush with his grandchildren , walking around with his grandchildren and even from Reagan , it was all just like , looks like a McDonald 's commercial , you know . Uh-huh . That 's about what it looked like . Well what did you think of Reagan as a president ? I just thought he was really inept . I do n't think he did anything at all . He , they just kind of sat him up there like a puppet and the people that were , Do you think he won from Carter because of the , um , the hostages that were held at that time ? Well I think that was part of it , I think there 's a lot of thin- , the economic problems that the country was having at the time and the , the recession and stuff , Uh-huh . people just had a picture of Carter as not being real capable , but he , actually , all right , this I thought he was great . I thought Carter was good too , and that was , yeah , Did you ? I always liked him , I thought he was great at the time and I , I just could n't get over the fact that Reagan beat him . I , you know , that I just could n't believe that he got voted out . But , I think I was n't , well let 's see , that 's been about ten years ago , right ? Uh-huh , yeah . Okay , so I was only fifteen or sixteen , but I remember Carter and I liked him . You did ? Have you heard stuff about him lately , do you know what he 's doing ? No , I sure do n't . Well he is just , he is really active still politically . He 's been overseas . 

You remember when he was in office he did a lot of stuff for the Middle East , for pe- , 