Okay , go ahead . Well , I , I , uh , we 're going to compare notes . Uh , Yeah . I , uh , I -- Do n't do it . -- often desire to exercise , often believe I should and rarely do . Well , I tell you , I , I firmly believe in exercising . I think it 's a , I do it every day on a regular basis . 

I , What , what , what sort of , of regiment do you have ? Well , I just got back from biking twelve and a half miles , but this time of year , you ca n't get much biking in . Uh , but every morning I use this President 's , uh , council of physical fitness and it really is , uh , uh , it 's worth doing , and you can do it anywhere . I , I travel quite a bit in my -- Yes . -- in my business , and you can do it , you know , wherever you 're at and if you do it , I , I do it every morning -- Yes . 

-- after , uh , usually after breakfast before I take a shower and get , you know , dressed going -- Uh-huh . -- you know , to go to work . And , uh , now what I do , I mean , I 've done this for , you know , like fifteen years , so you do n't start at this kind of regiment , you know . Yes . I , so , what I 'm telling you is n't something you go out and do and , and you 'll hurt yourself . Uh , every , every , uh , it takes me about fifteen minutes to do this now because I do it all the time , 

but I , uh , I do twenty-five , uh , uh , where you have your arms above your head and -- Uh-huh . -- and your body twisters touch right , you know , left and right toe and I do , uh , ten , uh , right and left , uh , trunk twisters . Uh-huh . And I do , uh , about sixty , uh , bicycle , type , uh , leg thrust type things . Uh-huh . And I do , uh , twenty , uh , leg lifters on each side . You know -- Yes . 

-- when you 're p- , -- Yes . -- laying on the floor . Right . And then I do fifty push-ups and do a hundred sit ups and , uh , then I do about , uh , My goodness , you do all of this in fifteen minutes ? Oh , yeah , oh , yeah . And then , uh , thirty , uh , 

now if you did football , like the old grass drills where you 're on your stomach and you -- Uh-huh . -- you know , prone type things , where you 're kind of rocking on your stomach type thing , and that takes about , really about , maybe about thirteen minutes , uh -- Yeah . -- in the morning . Now what , what keeps you doing that . I mean , I , I sometimes start little , much less , much more modest efforts , but I give up , I just find them boring . 

Hard to -- Well , uh , -- find the time for it on a given day and , Years ago I used to , uh , referee football -- Yes . -- and , uh , to stay in condition , I did that , uh , just as a normal -- Yes . -- basis , and , uh , uh , I tell you just by doing it , uh , well , example , this summer I , I was about fifteen pounds heavier than I wanted to be so I , I increased , I do three hundred sit ups a day now , but not at that , in the morning , I do a hundred then 

and then I do about a hundred before supper and about a hundred before I go to bed . Uh-huh . I lost fifteen pounds just by doing that because you tighten your stomach muscles -- Yes . -- and , you know , you can eat anything you want , drink anything you want , but you do n't , you know , 

within reason , you know , you can lose weight or maintain your weight -- Uh-huh . -- and your physical being -- Yep . -- and , uh , I just , you know , you 're ready to go at a , I , I , I think it 's really important . Well , I , I , whenever I do it , I feel good . Good . I mean good that I have done , good because it 's , it seems right and good because it has good effects .  But , but it 's this maintaining a , a regular habit that I just ca n't -- Well , that 's why -- -- seem to do . -- Chuck , I think , uh , if you did it on a daily basis -- Yeah . -- and you did n't need elaborate things , you know , where you can make excuses like , well , I , I like biking and during the summer , I 'll do , you know , at least seventy-five miles a week -- Uh-huh . -- and when I really was doing it maybe a hundred and fifty , but -- Uh-huh . -- you ca n't , you know , there 's excuses , weather -- Yep . -- or you do n't have time or something like that . But if you do some basic exercises and you say every morning , just like brushing your teeth you 're going to spend fifteen minutes or a half hour . Uh-huh . And you get up a half hour earlier -- Uh-huh . -- and once you start getting into that , one , you just feel good -- Yes . -- and you look a whole lot better . Yes . Do you , do you does your wife participate in any of this or , Unfortunately not , and there 's no way I can get her to . Uh-huh . It 's a , like it 's something you either just really want to do it or you ca n't talk anyone into it . If you do n't like to exercise , you know , it is n't going to happen . Yes , yes . I , I sure wish she would . She 's , you know , unfortunately overweight , and , but she 's a wonderful woman and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , no sense getting in arguments with anybody , about it . Yeah , yeah . Well I , I , uh , I keep saying if somebody else would do it with me , I , that would be , little bit of peer pressure would help considerably . Well , But you seemed to have s , solved that problem without any , any external -- No problem at all . -- help . And , uh , if you get one of these mats . Yeah . You know , go to a store , they normally have these exercise , things , these A B C -s of physical fitness on them . One of my kids got me one of those for Christmas one year and , uh , What , what , what , what 's on , what 's this mat , I mean , It , it , it 's just an exercise mat that rolls up so you can put it up , you know , just in the corner . Is it like the sort of thing you take on a camping trip -- Well , yeah , you can do that . -- and sleep on it . I mean , it 's that , it 's that kind of like -- But , but it does n't , -- half inch of foam or something . Yeah , it 's a foam thing , yeah . Yeah . Yeah , and it 's , it 's just about six feet long , rolls up -- Yeah . -- and I do n't take it on trips with me . I , you could , but , uh , I do n't mind , uh , you know , if I do like sit ups , I 'll throw a , a towel down or something . Yeah . You know , so you do n't have the abrasive , 