Well , what do you think about it ? Well , um , most of the stuff up until now , in the recent months , I , I , I do n't have any problem with . No , I do n't either . Uh , I mean it 's , you know it , I do n't think it 's going to change very much but . No , I agree with that . As , as far as the , as far as the mess that 's developing as a result , um , you know , as a country , the United States , uh , 

I think our hands are tied -- Uh-huh . -- as far as , as , as any further involvement , Yeah . until the U N sanctions it . In fact , it really was to begin with . Yeah . 

And , uh , I just , I heard a comment on the radio this morning that , uh , you know , it , it gets to a point where , uh , if enough people are , are going to be slaughtered over there over the , the , the internal problems , um , somebody may step in again . Uh-huh . But , uh , I really think it 's , it 's a U N issue , Yeah . at that point because it is internal . Well , you know the funny thing I find about American opinion is that when we have gone in to destabilize a government before , the American public goes crazy . Uh-huh . 

And now the fact that we 're not interfering with the internal rebellion in , in Iraq , they 're going crazy . That 's right , that 's right . You know , I mean you ca n't please them one way or the other . Absolutely right . You know , and I , and I think that , I , I agree with you , this is exactly the right course . I mean that 's an internal problem to Iraq . It has nothing to do with us . Uh-huh . 

And until he starts doing something so inhumane that the U N gets involved , then it 's nobody 's business . That 's right . Um , I mean these , these types of internal things go on all over the world all the time . All the time . I mean , yeah , I mean , Some of them have been going on for , for tens of years , Yeah . if , if I understand it right in places like the Sudan and , Yeah , 

and it 's certainly , and it 's certainly been going on over there for hundreds of years . Yeah . And it 's going to continue . That 's right . As long as you have so many diverse groups that are , that are vying for power , it 's going to happen all the time . Yeah , that 's absolutely right . I mean the Kurds have tried it before . They 've gotten their butts kicked , Yeah . and this is just another time that it 's happening . That 's , that 's absolutely right . You know , they 'll regroup out in the mountains 

and they 'll try it again in a couple of years . Yeah , it was just , you know , it was , it 's a very opportune moment for them to try . You know you , Sure , and , and , and I do n't have any doubt that through some back channels that we encouraged it . Oh , yeah . You know . Yeah . 

But , I 'm not real sure that we promised them anything . Uh-huh . I , that would have been stupid , Yeah . and , and I do n't think we did it . Everything else we handled in this seemed to be perfectly right . I do n't think they would have done that . Yeah , I agree . But it just , it , it really does n't make any difference . This is just a , a , another chapter in Middle Eastern history . Yeah , and , you know , and it , there are many of them . There 's no doubt about it . Oh , sure , I mean the , the British occupied the place , the French occupied it , we 've done it . It , it 's happened so many times , 

this is , this is really nothing special . Uh , Uh-huh . Well , and , and , and so many of the , so many of the conflicts , um , really do n't have a basis in , in , uh , politics or , or human rights or anything like that . It , That 's right , it 's al- , it 's mostly religious anyway . It 's , it 's religious based and , uh , you know , by , by self-proclamation this is a holy war and it is right . Yeah . And then , uh , we , we go on from there and , Yeah , exactly . Yeah , it , it 's , it 's a mess . It , it 's , there 's no doubt about it , 

and , uh , Well , I , I , I think one of the big problems , I mean looking at it from the Am , the American public 's standpoints , they do n't understand the Middle Easterners . That 's right . They do n't understand what , I mean their politics really is n't politics . It 's religion couched as politics . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And there 's a big difference . Absolutely . You know , uh , we sit there 

and , and we think that they think the way we think . Uh-huh . And that 's a big mistake , You bet . because they do n't . You bet . Well , yeah , 

because there 's no , uh , you know , there 's , there 's , there 's a complete different set of values . Uh-huh . Um , there 's , there 's different value placed on human life , Yeah . and , uh , right down the list , you know , possessions and , and everything else . Yeah . And , uh , what 's right is wrong and what 's wrong is right in some cases . That 's , that 's it a lot of the time . 

I , I was stationed in , in Turkey for , for a year and a half . Okay . And it , it was tough , Yeah . under , understanding those folks . Yeah . You know , it , they , they 're , they 're so completely different culturally and socially and -- Uh-huh . -- and religiously , it 's just , it was very strange . I believe it . It was very interesting . Yeah , yeah , I can , I can , I can believe that . Yeah , I , I do n't claim to have an in-depth understanding by any means , 

but , uh , Now I , shoot , I , I think some of these people that they claim as Middle Eastern experts do n't , do n't have a clue sometimes . That 's probably true , that 's probably true . You know they , they sit there and , and read their books and then proclaim themselves an expert . Uh-huh . Well , I 'm not real sure that 's , that 's appropriate . No , no , that 's , that 's , uh , 

a , a little bit of background study has never made an expert in any field . No . But , uh , Well , I sort , that sort of goes to my pet peeve about the education system in this country , too . Yeah . And we make experts by reading books . That 's right . You know , and the Japanese and the Germans and everybody else make experts by doing . Uh-huh , absolutely , Yeah . Absolutely . Yeah . 

I , uh , I , I guess you work for T I . That 's right , yes . So you guys are well aware of the problems with the Japanese markets and everything else . Right , right , that 's an everyday occurrence . Yeah . It 's , it 's like our car industry , 

the only reason our car industry has n't gone down the tubes is because the Japanese , you know , came into it and helped , Uh-huh . us out . Uh-huh . I agree . Yeah , it 's , it 's , uh , there , there is , there is , it 's an overall problem in , in , in this country understanding , uh , foreign cultures , Uh-huh . or even accepting them . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , it , it bites us over and over again , the , the , the , Yeah , and until we , until we start changing our educational system , I mean we 're , we 're going to be , we 're , we 've already been overtaken , but it 's going to get even worse later . Uh-huh . I mean looks who 's , looks who 's getting the engineering degrees and the , the math and the science and everything . That 's right . It 's not us . That 's right . You know , we , we 've got folks running around here who get , who get degrees in basket weaving and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , underwater psychology , or some , some ridiculous stuff like that . 

Absolutely . And , and where are the engineers coming from ? Uh , well , they 're , they 're coming from various places , and a lot of them are going back there . Yeah , exactly . That 's , My , uh , my roommate is a , uh , he 's getting his doctorate in industrial , well , it 's not industrial engineering , it 's human factors . Okay . His degree was in , uh , industrial engineering . I see . Uh , and he 's from the Philippines . Yeah . And the only reason he came here was because the education is so much better for those who will go after it . Right . He has no intention of going back to the Philippines because there 's no jobs . Sure , okay . You know , uh , but I , I see it all too often . I mean we 've got loads of foreign students -- 

Uh-huh . -- and they 're coming here , going after the hard degrees and then they 're going back to Korea and Japan , Absolutely . and Hong Kong and everywhere else and they 're applying it there . That 's right . And I do n't know , it 's , to me it 's amazing . I do n't know what we 're going to do as a country . We 're , we 're going to become dependent on these other folks sooner or later . Yeah , bec- , you know , every , every , the , the country 's got a problem with , uh , with quarterly reports and annual statements and things like that . Uh-huh . And the long , long-range views are , are just kind of , become a thing of the past . Yeah you , And , uh , I do n't , I do n't think there can be anymore long range planning . I think it , it 's , it 's sticking your finger in the holes in the dike . Uh-huh . You know , it , oh , here 's a crisis . Well , let 's plug it up . Yeah , yeah . I do n't know . I do n't know what the answer is . It 's far beyond me . Yeah , that 's for sure . That 's , that 's the way things have gotten . Yeah , all we can do is keep plugging . Yeah . You know , I , I wonder , I , I read in the paper just last week , I B M 's unveiling their new laptop computer . Uh-huh . Well , at a price tag of six thousand bucks , I do n't know if they 're going to have a whole lot of takers . No , absolutely . Be- , now I have the I- , I have the I B M , P S two -- Okay . -- but I 'm sorry I got it . Yeah . It 's slow , it 's , uh , there are many better machines on the market right now -- Yeah . -- for a , the only reason I got it is because I got it through an educational purchase plan -- Okay . -- through the school -- Okay . -- and I saved forty-eight percent , Uh-huh . so I said , yeah , if I can have an I B M for forty-eight percent discount , I 'll take it . Absolutely . But up to that point I had nev- , I had always said I would never have one because I would n't pay that kind of money for their name . That 's right . But -- That 's absolutely right , yeah . -- now you watch , just sure as anything , the Japanese are going to come out with a laptop at half the price -- Uh-huh . -- with more stuff on it . Uh-huh . Yeah , the , the , unfortunately the way the , the way the high tech market goes , by the time you can get , get something in your hands , Uh-huh . um , It 's already outdated . it , it 's , it 's obsolete , and , uh -- Yeah . -- we 're , we , we fight that battle every day here at work , Yeah , yeah , I , I can imagine . and , uh , I , uh , years ago , I remember when I had a T I ninety-nine . Uh-huh . Put all the money into the expansion box and all this , that and the other and , uh , things just kept changing so much and I kept getting rid of them , and I finally said , well , you ca n't do this . That 's right . You 've got to buy something and stick with it , so I -- That 's right . -- so I just , at an opportune time I got one that , that suited my needs and I 've just stuck with it . The only thing I 've done to it is just add a , uh , add a mouse and a hard drive . Okay , yeah . And that 's all I plan to do . Of course , I 'm limited on memory now because I 've got the low line . I got the model twenty-five . Oh , okay . So I 'm stuck with six forty , but I 'm not a power user so it does n't matter . Yeah . Well , that , that 's , that 's the key , you know , what , whatever works for you . Yeah . And , uh , if it does the job , then that 's , that 's what you need . Yeah , now my roomie , on the other hand , he is a power user . He 's , he 's looking now to get rid of his . He 's got a three eighty-six and wants to get a four eighty-six . Uh-huh . You know , this kind of stuff . 