-kay , Dave . What kind of pets do you have ? Oh , we have one rotten cat . One rotten cat . Yeah , it 's my son 's cat . I heard a laugh in the background . Yeah , that 's the boys . They know I do n't like it . Do n't you like cats ? Well , I like cats . This , this cat is a , uh , more like a dog . 

Oh yeah . Yeah he 's , uh , a one owner . He likes one boy in the family and that 's about it . That 's odd . How does he treat the other people ? Just , uh , stays away or runs -- Wow . -- usually . But he follows , he 'll follow my oldest son around . You know when he is in the house , he will come up and he 'll jump on his lap , 

but if anybody reaches over to pet him or whatever , he 'll just kind of look at them like what are doing . Did he raise him or something ? He 's , he , we bought the cat for him 

and so he 's , uh , been the one that you know spent the most time with him . But I , I 've never owned a cat like that . I 've had cats growing up all the time and you know they are -- Uh-huh . -- usually either that way with everybody or friendly to everybody . Huh , that 's interesting . So , it 's a weird cat . Huh . We have a , a mutt . A mutt . Well , we , we named it Hooper because that 's where we got it from . Uh-huh . Uh , some lady , she , uh , a lot of people , uh , uh , drop off abandoned , abandoned pets at her house -- Oh . -- and she use to work for a veter- , veterinarian so she would spay , uh , neuter them -- Uh-huh . -- give them all their shots and we saw an ad saying it was free , so we went down there and picked it up and it 's been an excellent dog , but it 's my first dog I 've had and we got it because my wife stays here at home alone -- Uh-huh . -- while I go to work so that 's mostly why we got it . To keep her company while I am away at work . So that , is that , is that kind of your child right now ? Uh yeah . Right now it , it is . You feel like . . It 's kind of good training . I mean we have been trying for kids , but -- Oh , uh-huh . -- right now we have n't had any , but it 's pretty good training , I think really , keeps her on her toes . Have , have you had dogs before ? Uh , my brother has . Uh , we did n't do a lot with them . Uh , I never felt like it was mine or anything , you could n't do anything . Uh-huh . But , I mean , that did , did more responsibility . When it 's yours and not your brother 's . Yeah . But , Well , I just , uh , we 've , you know when I was growing up I had , we always had a dog and we had mostly mutts , well not mutts , but mixes -- Uh-huh . -- you know like one or two mix and those dogs always seem to be the best dogs . That 's what we found . Ours is , uh , like a cockapoo . Uh-huh . I think it 's half cocker spaniel and half poodle . Uh-huh . But , it 's a really good dog . Yeah . I do n't know , they seem to be , I mean , listen better or something . Uh-huh . Is your cat a purebred ? No . No , it 's just uh an accident . From a frie- , uh , from my , my son 's friend down the street . They 're -- Uh-huh . -- their cat was an outside cat and just end up with some kittens and so , Would you ever want a dog in the family ? Uh , we , I would . We , uh , we had a dog that was a , uh , mix between an Alaska Malamute and a Labrador -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I should say a pup and he was just too big for our kids -- Oh yeah . -- when we got him and we , when we moved into our house that was the first thing we wanted to get was , uh , you know , was a pet and it was a dog that we gotten and he was , he was just too big . Uh-huh . Uh , the kids could n't handle him and I was still going to school and my wife was working and I was working and so we just did n't have time to really train him so he was kind of jus- , you know , he was too big for the kids to handle , so he was just tied up to a post -- Oh , yeah . -- so we gave him to , uh , I do n't know if you 've , there is a place out here , uh , called Shorties Lane out here in Harrisville -- Uh-huh . -- and they have , uh , I guess it 's kind of an animal shelter but he just takes a few the animals in and some he destroys and some he keeps . Uh-huh . So we took him up there and he ended up keeping him . Uh , cause he has had him for six or seven years . We , we 've , saw him just about a year ago and , uh , I thought boy that sure looks like that pup we gave away -- Uh-huh . -- and so we asked him about it one day and he said yeah , he 's been the best dog I 've ever had in my life -- Wow . -- just goes everywhere with him . I , he would have been a great , great dog . He just needed a lot of time . 