What kind of car would you like to buy next ? Well , I guess Cadillac . I guess that 's kind of everybody 's dream . Well , why would that be ? Oh , I guess it 's a General Motors product , and I like General Motors because they 're made in the United States , and , uh , we 've had General Motors for years and have always had real good luck with them . Okay , well that 's good . Uh-huh . 

If you had , uh , no financial requirements , if you could buy any car in the entire world , no matter what it cost , what would you buy ? Oh , um , I think I 'd still go with the Cadillac . Do you ? I do n't , I do n't care about a big fancy , fancy . Which type of Cadillac , uh , is your favorite ? Oh , I do n't know . 

I guess the Seville , probably or . The Seville . Yeah . That 's a sharp looking car . Yeah . That really is . It , it always has been though . Yeah , they have been . You know , it does n't have the Coup de Ville or the Sedan de Ville squareness . It never really has . It 's always had it 's own unique look . Uh-huh . Well , I 've always liked that . I liked the , the one year they had , a couple years they had where the trunk head would look like belt buckles across the back of it . Oh , yeah . Right . I thought , now that looks sharp -- Yeah . 

-- that looks real sharp . Well , I think the ones now with all of the , uh , fancy gold lettering -- Uh-huh . -- and all , you know , I think they 're very pretty . 

And course the top , now the vin- , what is it , a vinyl top , I think those are pretty . Yeah , and , uh , the , I , I 've never really , uh , I 've never ridden in one recently , um , but they 're supposed to be just real smooth . Uh-huh . Just a nice comfortable ride . Yeah , they are , and , uh , they , they 're just always , they , they look like they 're sturdy -- Uh-huh . -- you know , they look like they 're very sturdy , 

and you do n't have to worry that much about , um , getting , you know , hurt like you would in a small one . Right . Now they 've got a unique fa- , uh , feature in them now . If , uh , if you have a front end accident at such a rate of speed , the e- , the engine will actually drop out of the car so that it does n't come through the , so it does n't go , it does n't go through the , you know , into the inside . 

It 'll go underneath the car instead . Oh , I did n't know that . So that 's , that 's a big safety factor they 've got in them now . Yeah , and I suppose they all have the balloons . The air bags , yeah . The air bags , yeah . Well . So , well that 's great , that 's great , Yeah , yeah . So you say you 've always have preferred General Motors products MUMBLEx . Yeah , I do . 

Um , I , I go for things , you know , built in the United States rather than foreign countries . Right . Help our economy and , What kind of , uh , General Motors cars have you had in the past ? Mostly Oldsmobiles . Oldsmobiles . Those are real nice riding cars too . Oh , yeah . That 's what we have now , but of course if I have a choice I 'd still have the Cadillac but , uh , I 've been very satisfied with the , with the Oldsmobiles . We 've driven them for about probably twenty years . Has that been the Cutlass or the Sierra ? Uh , no , the Ninety-Eight . The Ninety-Eight , okay . Uh-huh , yeah . So . Well , I do n't think , uh , let 's see , the Ninety-Eight , now that 's got that big V eight engine in it , does n't it , does n't it ? Well I do n't know . The one we have has a six . Has a little V Six ? Uh-huh . Okay . But it 's a very good car . It 's a -- It , -- had , not had one minute 's problem with it , and I 've had , now I have twenty-three thousand miles on it . Oh , that 's great -- Yeah . -- that 's great . That 's always nice to get , uh , reliability in a product . Especially when you 're spending , you know , anywhere from fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars for , for a single item . Right . You know , you just do n't want any hassles -- No . -- with it . You just , you expect it to do its , its job , and I think a lot of , a lot of car manufacturers do n't really keep that into consider- , do n't take that into consideration -- Yeah . -- you know . Yeah , that 's true . They just expect you to buy their product , but that 's always been something that 's been a key factor in me , is how reliable is this car going to be -- Uh-huh . -- you know . Price is , is an issue , but it 's not the most important issue . No , it really is n't , because now you can get like five year financing on them and -- Right . -- so , um , but I , I , I would go with the General Motors any time . Well , I 've always been a Ford man , myself . Oh , really . Yes . Oh . But that 's all right . Yeah , well sure . You know , it 's American made too -- Right . -- which is good . Uh-huh . Um , but I , I 've , ever since I guess I , I was growing up , my dad 's always had Fords , and , uh , well , I grew up in South Dakota . So everybody has a truck -- Uh-huh . -- and my Ford trucks have just , I 've , I 've just never had problems with them . Uh-huh . I honestly think I would die before my truck would , keel over on me . Yeah . So . Well , I , yeah , those are good products also . Um , let 's see , 