What do you think about it ? Well , I , I feel in light of some of the accidents and so forth that have happened lately , that I think there are some occupations that they should , such as the health field , the transportation field , uh , they 're already doing it in the armed forces , where they handle weapons and so forth , uh , 

they do it to prisoners -- Yeah . -- so , I , I , uh , I , I , I feel like it should be mandatory in some professions , and I think if , if , uh , an employer feels that he wants to , to drug test employees and they do n't like it , then they should not be employed there . That was , you know , I would not mind it . Yeah , I , I especially agree that if it 's an area where they could cause somebody else , you know -- Right . -- harm or injury , absolutely . And I do n't have a problem at all with employers , uh , testing in the hiring process , but I , I , I do n't , I do n't have a problem with them too much , testing even after the fact , but I do a little bit where it , where it would n't hurt anybody . I do n't know , 

sometimes I think they carry it a little bit too far . Uh-huh -- But , -- unless an employer has a reason to -- Yeah . -- believe that his , uh , the work competency of , of the employ- , employee is , is hurting the business . Right -- I mean maybe it 's , uh , -- and then it 's not a problem . 

Number one because generally if , if they are involved in that type of thing they are into theft -- Yeah . -- and as an employer , I would think that would be , and the first , it 's not going to be wholesale because of the cost . Oh , absolutely . There 's no way . But , but my concern is , uh , school bus drivers . Oh , yeah . Tr- , the train drivers , Um , I 'm not even , I 'm in education , I 'm not even opposed to it for that . 

Uh , I 'm concerned in the medical field . Yeah . I , I , I think they should screen for alcohol in these areas , too -- I wish they would . -- because I consider that a drug . I wish they would , and that , I think , is even probably more widely abused -- Right . -- by , you know , the masses -- Right . -- than , than drugs , so to speak . Right . So . But when you consider they could be driving an airplane -- Oh , I know . -- or driving a bus , or a train , um -- And , -- and it does n't take that long . They do n't have to be totally roaring drunk -- No . -- just a little -- Just , uh , -- off on their timing -- Yeah , and , -- could , could mean life . Now T I has the random testing policy -- Oh , okay . 

-- and , and , you know , our names or our employee numbers or whatever are in a , in a pool -- Uh-huh . -- so I 've already been tested once when I was hired and , and once since they initiated this random testing program . Uh-huh , uh-huh . But I work with one girl who was tested , her name got , got randomly selected three times in six months -- Oh , my word . 

-- and I think that 's the only reason I have a problem with it , when there 's no , you know , there 's no reason -- Control . -- to suspect someone , you know . That , that 's getting a little bit , that 's enough to make anybody paranoid . Right . Well , as long as you accept that it is a random , a random testing -- Yeah . -- uh , you know , to , to alleviate , that way you ca n't feel like somebody 's out to get me . Right . If , it 's almost like being selected for jury duty . Yeah . You know , so your name came out of pot when they spun the wheel , 

that 's , that 's just the way it is . Either just the lucky or the unlucky one , depending on how you look at it . I would , I would rather have it that way , to know that I was chosen at random by a computer than to think that somebody turned me in -- Oh , absolutely , -- because I , I think there 's , when you let other employees turn in people , There are so many people with , with their petty axes to grind -- Right . 

-- it could really get -- Right . -- out of hand . So , I , I , I would really rather know , however , there 's got to be some backup to say that if , if somebody does observe you at , say at a party , uh , using drugs -- Yeah . -- I would think that it would be their obligation to report that . To report it , 

and I guess you 'd report that to a supervisor , maybe -- Personnel , or something , -- anonymously or something -- Right . -- because I , I would feel very uncomfortable working with someone I knew was using either illegal drugs or abusing alcohol , I 'd just -- Right . -- I 'd feel really uncomfortable . Right . I do n't know what kind of work you do , but there , there would be , even be a situation where you were at a machine and working with somebody that was that way . Yeah , we have , we have a lot of people who work on the line . I 'm in accounting , so it would n't , you know -- Right . -- they could n't hurt me with their ten key or something , but out on the line , they 've got people working some -- Right . -- serious equipment . Right . So . It 's , it 's , I , I just think employers have to have , especially given today , the drug abuse that goes on , I just think employers have to have some kind of way to see that they 're not being put at -- Put at risk . I agree -- Because -- -- totally . -- they 're the ones who are going to have the lawsuits , the insurance claims , et cetera , 

and , and I 'm not sure but what some of the insurance claims are n't due to , uh , illnesses brought on by drug abuse or alcohol abuse . And in the long run , we 're all paying for that -- Right . -- so it , I mean , it protects us in the long run hopefully -- Right . -- when they do that . I , I was trying to remember , there was a court case , uh , here where I live , just a few months ago . The city workers , they wanted to , um , the city government wanted to institute the random drug testing -- Uh . -- and the city workers , uh , took them to court to protest , saying that it invaded their , I guess , first a- , the , the search and seizure amendment -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- and it 's still tied up in the legal channels . They have n't ruled on whether they can test them or not . Huh . So I 'm curious especially since T I -s -- To see how that 's , -- a local , you know , employer is also already doing it , seeing what they 'll say about it especially since , Is it , is it , uh , just a small group of the employees that are concerned ? Well , it 's the whole , it 's the whole city , seems like the whole group of city employees that 's raising a stink over it . They , they just do n't want to be drug tested . Yeah . So . You know , we 've never , my husband and I have never been in a situation where somebody said you have to be drug tested . Yeah . Uh , my husband 's retired from I R S agents . Uh-huh . However , this is n't a problem that we have -- Right . -- either alcohol or drug , and so , we , we , in our minds we 're thinking what 's the big deal . Yeah , that 's the way I looked at it . If I had something to hide , it 's one thing , but I 'm , you know , you know you do n't , so it 's not as big a deal , and you sometimes wonder when these people protest so much whether they 're really concerned -- Right . -- about their rights , or whether they 're really concerned about something else . And , and then they say , well , if you give them the right to do this , then they 're going to take some other right away from you , but I , I firm- , -- I do n't believe that . -- I think that an employer has the right to ask you to do anything , 

and , of course , the big deal , one of the big deals now , too , is to , that when you , come into a company , as you sign a paper saying that I will go take a , 