All right , so , we started recording already ? Uh , I guess , I do n't know . It 's the first time I 've made a phone call on it . Oh , so you pressed one ? Right . Okay . So , I guess we 're supposed to start talking . 

Uh , what kind of books do you read ? I read , uh , a lot of Steven King , Dean R Koontz , uh -- Uh-huh . -- some Danielle Steel . My aunt got me hooked on those . Uh-huh . So I , So it 's mostly all novels ? Yeah , they 're all novels . Okay . I 'll read some , uh , classic , too . Oh , like what ? Uh , like THE GRADUATE by Steinbeck . 

I 'll , uh , Yeah , I like that . I like Steinbeck a lot . A , A ROSE FAMILY by Faulkner . That 's one of my favorites . I have never read a lot of Faulkner . Oh , and this , this is more of a play or something that , that it was from , that , that I saw and I read the book from that . Oh , cool . And , by the way , my name 's Bill . I 'm from North Carolina . I 'm Doug , I 'm from Pennsylvania . Uh , I , let 's see . What kind of books do you like to read ? Uh , well , a bunch of stuff , I guess , uh , fair number of novels , but mostly shorter ones . 

And , like , I do n't really like the , you know , six hundred page long Stephen King novels and all that . I really have to be in the mood . Right ? I , I read one , like maybe once a year . Uh-huh . I 'm not as , No , like , I like , say , uh , Richard Broudigan a lot . Uh , I 've never read anything by him . Okay . He 's , uh , he 's dead now , but he was really a pretty amazing writer . He wrote books that were , like , pretty short and pretty easy to read , you know , like written at a third grade level or whatever . Yeah . But they were still very heavy and philosophical , also very funny . Like , He wrote TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA . Okay . So that 's , anyway , and , uh , I read a lot of non fiction books , too . 

Uh , let 's see , I like to read a lot of non fiction history when -- Uh-huh . -- Civil War era and , and that kind of thing . Uh-huh . I found that real interesting . I 'm reading THE LION AND THE WIND right now . 

And that was on T V . Now what 's that ? It was , uh , during Teddy Roosevelt 's time . Uh-huh . And , uh , about a American woman that got kidnapped in , uh , Morocco . Yeah . Uh , this is when they were having their revolution -- Uh-huh . -- or whatever and Teddy Roosevelt sent troops over and really portrays him as a , kind of a crazy man , you know . Yeah . Surprised me . I had no idea that he was like that . Uh-huh . What , how crazy ? Well , just like s- , some , one quote that he had was that he thought the America 's emblem was stupid because it was an eagle , and it should be a grizzly bear because -- Oh , sh- , . -- you , you know , like the t- , t- , grizzly and stuff like that . So it 's , I saw the movie and that 's what made me want to read the book . Uh-huh . Candice Bergen was in the movie . I 'm a real big fan of hers so , Yeah . Cool , see , I also read a lot of books about music because I 'm interested in that and fair number of stuff about science and also philosophy things . Uh-huh . I like , I like to read -- Like , -- some of the philosophy stuff . Uh-huh . Like , let 's see , and even like reading some new age things , things that I do n't quite believe in , like here on my shelf I have a book called JOURNEYS OUT OF THE BODY . Yeah , I think that , It 's all about -- I 'm fascinated by that . -- how to have out of body experiences and all that . Yeah , I 'm fascinated by that . Uh-huh , yep . That , and , and , uh , even stuff about , not like ghost stories , but real encounters with ghosts and -- Uh-huh . -- supposedly haunted houses . I like , I 'm kind of a doubting Thomas and I like to read stuff like that . Some of it really -- Yeah . -- freaks me out . Uh-huh . Right , definitely . Uh , And I like to read , uh , I like to read some self help books like , uh , I read DIANETICS once , once I got past all the gibberish on it . Uh , did you like it ? It was okay . It , it , it , it took me a while to really get into it . It , it did n't help me that much . Uh-huh . I see . But , uh , I think once you 're set in your ways , you 're set in your ways . Yeah . Uh , then I , one in- , real interesting book I read recently was , when I was looking for a job , I read , HOW TO GET THE JOB THAT YOU WANTED and , it , it had real good tips and it , and -- Uh-huh . -- I got the job that I wanted by applying the , the methods that , that , 