Okay . I 'll let you start first , okay ? Okay . We , um , I 'm presently living in a house , uh , first time , uh , we had the house built and so this is our , our fifth year in it I guess , and , uh , um , it was a real excitement to , uh , to go out and select the house and have one made and built and like you wanted it , we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses . And , um , as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home , and they 're good for about five years or four years and after that they start falling apart . So , I would , uh , not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in , uh , because they 're overpriced , uh , but they 're a cheap house . If you ca n't afford something good , you know , they 're good for that , and , um , you can call it a home because it 's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head , but as far as the costs for what you 're getting , uh , the longevity of the house is not , uh , is not worth it . 

How about in your case ? Well , in my case my husband is not a carpenter , but , in fact , he 's in electronics , but he knew the only way we 'd ever have a new home is if he would build it . So it took him about two and a half years , but , uh , he built us a house , it 's , uh , we have thirty-two hundred square feet , and it 's a brick house , and price-wise , it was great because he did it all himself , you know , so that way he could , we could kind of control , Uh-huh . in , control it , and , uh , we live in kind of a small town , Uh-huh . and I mean it 's nothing fancy , you know , it 's , it 's a house , it 's nice , and it 's real pretty 

and we 're all comfortable in it . Well , that 's great , that 's great , that 's , uh , I 've heard , I have another gentleman , friend of mine , who , uh , who had a house built as a matter of fact another guy is building one now , he 's been doing it for three years and the city 's a little upset with him , but I understand you save a lot of money off , uh , by doing that , and , uh , Oh , you can because that way you 're not having to pay the middle men and everybody else . 

Nothing wrong with that , You know . uh , I 'll vouch for that . Um , But , uh , of course , my husband did everything except my brother 's a trim carpenter , and he came in , you know , and did the inside for us , and that helped . That was a big savings . And , uh , yes , and , uh , we had to hire , of course , the plumbing and the brick and everything else , nothing , you know , Well , that 's great . W- , uh , have you been in it long ? Oh , really , 

well , have you any plans to , uh , maybe , uh , expand or move onward ? N- , no , we 're , well , uh , our kids are kind of still small now , and we had thought before maybe a lot older we do n't need such a large house that we 'll sell it , but he will not build a second one himself . I see , well , Because he says age-wise he 'll never be able to handle that again . First one is always a bear . Yes , yes . We 're having a , an architect friend of mine design a house for us and that can basically be , be put on any lot , in any state , any kin- , you know , 

so that 's kind of , Oh . we just got with him and told him what all we wanted , Uh-huh . and he 's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it and he 's re , certified , and registered 

so at least we know we 're , it 's not going to fall in or something if it 's built . Yeah , oh . But , uh , I have heard that your approach is , is right , you can actually go out and sub it , if , even if you do n't want to get hands on , Uh-huh . you can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things and , and that 's kind of the plan I have so , Yeah . I 'm , uh , everyone I talk to , uh , I file in my little book and do other things with it MUMBLEx . That 's great , that 's great . But , uh , like I said otherwise , you know , a- , the expense , but , you know , we could not have one as large as we have if , you know , we had n't did it ourselves . Sure , I can imagine . Yeah , I mean it 's not an Eldorado house or anything like that , but , you know , it 's ours . If you 're happy with it , that 's all that counts . That 's right . That 's right . That 's all , on- , you only have to , uh , satisfy yourself and no one else . Ap- , apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high . Oh , that 's , uh , that 's , uh , an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell , I guess . Is n't it ? It really is because I , I 'm always shocked at about , you know , what they have it appraised at , I think , oh my goodness . MUMBLEx Well that 's great . Well , yeah , I guess that about does it . Okay , and it was nice talking to you . Nice talking with you , too . Okay , bye-bye . 

Bye . 