Okay . Okay , you go first . Well , I have , uh , two kids , I have one seven and one five -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , they 're in a public school here in Tyler 

and , uh , I 'm happy with it . Uh-huh . I 'm happy with the school , it 's great , good teachers good curriculum , uh , they learn a lot , they have no problems , uh , but I do live in the better , well , in the best part of the city , though , I live in , you know , the real richy part , I guess . I 'm not , but , everybody around me is and , uh , but they 're , I have friends that live in the other , the less fortunate or whatever you want to call it part of town and their schools are kind of rundown and , uh , older and they do n't really offer as much , I do n't know , as , uh , the school that my girls are in . I do n't really think that 's fair . Uh-huh . You know . Uh , but , you know , I 'm happy with what they 're in , so , go ahead . Well , yeah , it , it 's , it 's pretty much what I was s- , going to say is there 's a lot of disparity between different neighborhoods and what sort of schools go in . Uh-huh . Uh , I grew up in New York and -- Wow . -- uh , the place , or not New York City , upstate New York -- Uh-huh . -- and I went to , uh , the City of Rochester School District -- Uh-huh . -- and s- , a lot of my friends were in one of the neighboring suburbs and it was n't , we were n't too far removed geographically from each other , but the difference in schools I think was pretty substantial -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , one of the things that probably would have been better if , is if the entire county had had , had just one school system . Right . And that would result in some , uh , could result in more equitable distribution of money because what was happening was , you know , all the very rich people went out to the , move out to the suburbs and the city had a very low tax base so they did n't have a lot -- Uh-huh . -- of money to work with . As a result , the schools were rundown , there was n't as many , you know , of the nice supplies in science class that we would have liked . There was n't as many advanced placement courses , uh , when I was a senior -- Uh-huh . -- that some other schools had . And , uh , it , it , so I , you know , I think that one of the things , one of the ways to , to , to help schools in general , uh , and get them all to a minimum level of , of , of competency almost , would be to expand the size of school districts so you get a wider variety of people , and the , the problem with that is then , then , then people will either , the rich people will either pull their kids out of the public school and put them in private schools or -- Yeah . -- they 'll move farther away -- Right . -- to get better schools . So , you know it , it 's kind of , you end up chasing , like a dog chasing its own tail sort of . Also , uh , the , the family environment , you know , you can come to south Tyler where I live and you have got room mothers in every room , you 've got art mothers , you 've got every , every holiday , there 's parties . All these kids have these really supportive , really supportive parents , always up there for -- Yeah . -- something . You can go to north Tyler to the schools and the parents might not could even tell you what their kid 's teacher 's name is . Uh-huh . You know , uh , that has a , a whole lot to do with it , you know , as far as their learning , I mean , if the parents are n't , uh , you know , willing to go with the kids and find out what they 're learning and if they 're learning -- Uh-huh . -- you know , they really do n't have much of a chance -- Yeah . -- at all . Why is that ? Huh ? Why is that ? Why you asking , You j- , they just do n't , I mean , I mean , I 'm , I 'm up there at my kids ' school , I know what they 're learning and if they 're up , I call and find out , you know , is she having problems , does she need help with anything , no , she 's doing fine , okay , you know , uh , and I , I know kids that their parents could really give a rip and the kids -- Right . -- are not motivated . Right . They have no motivation from home , so they just go to school and , you know , eh , you know , I 'll get through the day , and , uh , bring homework home and , there 's nobody to , to sit them down and say , you 're going to do this . Right . Uh , just , you know , they , they take a notion to do it , they do , and , uh , that does n't work either , you know , they have to have guidance and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , they ca n't just have it at school and then come home and there 's nothing , you know . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , I know that that , that was a big factor for me . I ended up coming out of , of the public school system very well -- Uh-huh . -- and was very good education , uh , ended up getting some scholarships to go to college and -- Uh-huh . -- which has been , you know , which is really nice , and -- Yeah . -- I think the difference for me was that my parents were , you know , they were definitely , they were always there , was , like , well , yeah , of course you 're going to study and do well and that 's the way , of course , are you , 