What type of lawn and garden work do you do ? Well , I do it all . I see . Do you have a garden ? Uh , yes . I , I try to grow , uh , uh , a vegetable garden and , We do the same thing . It 's , I just have a small plot it 's like ten feet by five feet . Yeah . I have two plots , one 's ten by ten and one 's like fifteen by four . I see . It 's a long skinny one 

and , Yeah , you do a lot more area than I do . I 've , all the rest of my yard , backyard is , uh , you know , pool and decking it 's all the dirt I have , Oh , I see . left in my backyard . Yeah . I see . Well , I enj , I enjoy fiddling around . It 's cheap entertainment . Right . Right . Yeah , it 's nice to get out in the open air . It is , uh-huh . And especially when the weather 's not too hot or , That 's right . not raining or whatever , Yeah . but , uh , I enjoy , sometimes I , Excuse me , go ahead . I said , I sometimes I wish I had more space -- Uh-huh . -- you know . 

I grow a lot of things , a lot of food . Uh-huh . And sometimes I , I want to plant something , there 's not enough room to plant . That 's right . That 's right . Some of those things like , uh , you know , the things that vine like , uh , cucumbers , Uh-huh . or , uh , squash or something , Uh-huh . like that . Takes a lot of room . Plant one of those and it takes up your whole space . It sure does . I made mistake one year and planted some cantaloupe , my goodness , Yeah . what a mistake that was . Yeah . They , they just run all over , They do . the place , do n't they , Well , it was very good 

it just takes up , you know , like you say , a lot of your garden area . Right . Right . MUMBLEx . It 's the first and only time I 've done that . We do n't do anything exotic we just do , oh , The basics . tomatoes , bell peppers , Right . radishes and turnips , I mean , not turnips , carrots , beets and things like that . Yeah . That 's what we do too . My wife used to plant a few snow peas . I do n't really care for snow peas . 

Well , she just plants a few for herself . Right . Peas -- Yeah . -- I , I got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago . Did you really ? The first one , they started them indoors this time . I read it , Oh , I see . And so I , Okay . We do n't start anything indoors we , Yeah . just wait until , you know , the weather warm enough to stick it in the ground . I , uh , I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that , Probably so . Yeah , you can get a head start on it . But , uh , sure is a heck of a lot of work . I guess it , it , Because you got to , might would , yeah . watch them every day , Uh-huh . and keep them watered and I , I do n't think I 'll do it again . Well it will make , it will make them taste better I 'm sure . Oh , yeah . Yeah , I enjoy it . I come home from work 

and , and I usually say hello to wife and kids , Sure . and then go out and fiddle , you know , just walk around the yard and -- You got to inspect it , yeah . -- inspect it and the kids want to swing , Sure . and I push them on swing . 

Sure . And I wal- , I mow my own lawn . Yeah . And I do , I do n't have a sprinkler system . I , I do n't enjoy watering . No . Especially , I , this is the first home we 've lived in we 've had a sprinkler system , Oh how , and boy , it is really nice , Oh . it sure beats dragging hoses around . Yeah , you can have it come on just early in the morning . That 's right . And , and off by the , you know , by the time you 're up and about . That 's right . 

It 's really nice . Yeah . I , I usually get it started for my wife -- Uh-huh . -- and I , and she moves it around ever other day . I 'll have to admit I do n't , I do my own yard . I , I really do n't enjoy doing that . I enjoy having a nice looking yard , Uh-huh . I just do n't enjoy the work , Uh-huh . that it takes to get it done . 

Yeah . I had a lawn service to do my yard for me -- Uh-huh . -- during the real hot summer months , you know , until I retired and now I , I 've lost my excuse for that so I have to , for the last couple of years I 've done it myself . Yeah . Sometimes I wish I could get one of these , uh , chemical services to come , Uh-huh . out and spray for weeds , Yeah . and fertilize , Uh-huh . and all that and take that one step out of MUMBLEx . Uh-huh . But , uh , they want too much money . It is kind of expensive , it is . Yeah . Of course , the chemicals themselves when you buy them , they 're expensive too . Right . Right . But it 's still be quite a bit cheaper to do it yourself . That 's right . If I have a problem discipline , you know , I think , now , boy , I really need to get out , you know , and apply something , you know , and I screw around and do n't do it or wait too long or something . Right and the weed come up , That 's right . and all of a sudden you 've got to do something else . That 's right . I 'm , I 'm kind of bad about that . Yeah . I enjoyed having a lawn service but now I have the time and I really ca n't , I really don- , you know , do n't , Well , if you , want to spend the money for it . enjoy it too , Yeah . you know , you , you can get out in the morning when , before it gets hot and , That 's right . and do it and stuff , I 'm not limited to , when you only have to , just mowing it on Saturday morning , you know , Right . I can do it on most any day of the week . When the days start getting a little longer , Uh-huh . you know , you can , I can start doing it in the evening after work . That 's right . When they , when they switch to , Yeah . switch , when we get an hour more , Yeah . when they rollback an hour . That 's coming up here pretty soon . Is it this weekend ? I do n't know . It 's pretty soon . I really do n't know . It just seems like I here it on the news the day before . Yeah . And , uh , I , I think it 's coming up here soon . I believe it is too . Yeah . Yeah . Well , Are you having any trouble with bugs in , in your garden ? Uh , not a whole lot , uh . I , I do n't use , I , I seldom use anything harsher than seven dust , you know . Uh-huh . I do n't really like to put a lot chemicals on it but then , Right . again , I do n't want the bugs eating it upping either . Right . I , I , it seems like they come in spurts . Uh-huh . One year I did n't put anything on and I did n't have any problems . Uh-huh . Next year I was planting some broccoli and , and some of those , they 're called cabbage , Uh-huh . cabbage loppers , Right . or whatever . Uh-huh . They were just covered with them , Yeah . I mean , I went up , I did n't go out there for about three days , you know , Uh-huh . because I , and I went out there one day and the plant was noth- , nothing left but a stem , That 's right . they devoured it that quickly . Absolutely . They really go through it , And , they , they , they really do . have a , you , a good appetite . Yeah . And they would , you know , I , I picked off like twenty of them and , You know cutworms will do the same thing to your tomato vines too . Ye- , yeah . Boy , they 'll strip , They got that , uh , what is that safer soap , uh , Uh-huh . B T spray this , Yeah . year . Uh-huh . And I 've been watching them every day and I 've , and I have n't seen any signs yet . So , if I see any signs I 'm going to spray them , Yeah . and , uh , I did something a little bit different this year that I have n't done before , I 've got , my garden is shaped that I can , it 's kind like this , uh , box shape , so I got four pieces of two by twelve and joined them together and just made a box . Right . And put in a whole bunch like eight hundred pounds of topsoil and manure and , you know , various other things , Well , the good stuff . Raised it up . Right . And I 'm hoping especially with those big tall sides on there it that maybe I wo n't have , oh , I 'll have less of a bug problem any- , at least they , they 'll have a hard time crawling up the thing . Right . Yeah , my backyard is , uh , is sloping so I built a box up , you know -- Uh-huh . -- had to build the one , the low side up . Uh-huh . And , uh , I had sandy loam hauled in . I had a dump truck come and dump it . Uh-huh . On my driveway , I guess , that 's what they do and then , Yeah , I had to wheel barrow it in . Right . But , uh , you know , you can improve your own soil there -- Uh-huh . -- but the Texas soil is n't the greatest , That 's right , gardening soil . you , you have to work on . You , Right . really do . And you know , if I , I did n't wait five years for it to be good enough grow you know what I mean . That 's right . When we had our pool done I had them to leave some extra loam , you know , for my garden so I had , I had a lot of loam out there to start with I just turned it all up and mixed it all up together -- Uh-huh . -- with , Do you have , do you have a rotor tiller ? No . I do n't , I did it by hand , Small enough , you have a , just do it by hand ? Uh-huh . Yeah . It was n't too much of a job , Yeah . really . Yeah . Like I say it 's just , Yeah . I 'd like to get one of these little small ones , Uh-huh . that you see in all these gardening magazines . Uh-huh . It would be handy . And it weighs twenty pounds or , Yeah . something like that . My neighbor across the street has one . He always uses it to dethatch his lawn , Uh-huh . I see him out there , Yeah . and I guess it has a thatcher attachment to it . It might be handy , Yeah . Yeah . They 're pretty neat little , I 've never seen one . I have a friend who has one and , and he lets me , you know , no problem borrowing if it 's , Uh-huh . just a hassle when you know , Oh , yeah . to go up and it 's a fairly large one to , Yeah . heave it up into the back of the van , Uh-huh . bring it home and , Right . check it back and just grab it , you know , if I , just go to my garage and grab it . Yeah . That would be neat , sure . That would be nice . We 've had a garden , gosh , for years and years and years , Uh-huh . of some size , you know , I ca n't remember a year when we did n't have one of some kind . What have you got growing right now ? Uh , got , you know tomatoes that are starting to bloom -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I 've got carrots , I mea- , yes , I 've got a few carrots up and I 've got some radishes up , Uh-huh . and as a matter of fact , I 've already done a second row of radishes . Uh-huh . Yeah . And , uh , the green onions are coming along . Okay , Snow , what kind , excuse me . what kind of onions do you grow ? Do you grow those , those ten , fifteen Y ? Yes , I 've for the first time we planted them this year . Oh , they , they are the best . Yeah . We tried to find them last year , we screwed around and waited too long and I could n't find a nursery that had any of them left . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . But we 've got some this year . Uh , those , Snow peas are up and , uh , my wife does , uh , a small herb garden on the side . I see . They 're up and doing fine . Yeah . I , uh , those onions , I think , we , we planted like twice as much this year because , you know , we got , on- , onions and they lasted from , you know , about when you harvest them about a month from now or so , Uh-huh . or six weeks , Uh-huh . from now , Uh-huh . until , until like October , Yeah . and , uh , we really missed them when they were gone , Yeah . because the ones from the grocery store just ca n't , Yeah . That 's kind of a , compare . let down . She made these onion rings that were so good , Oh , I bet , and , and , they were . and , uh , you do n't realize how many dishes you put onions in , That 's right . We use a lot , that it 's an ingredient , we sure do . and , and it was just like everything you put it into tasted so much better . Yeah . One nice thing with onions and , and bell peppers at least you can chop them and freeze them if you have , Right . you know , too many . Right . We froze a lot of peppers . We let some turn red . Yeah . Uh-huh . We did that too , And some we do green and then my wife puts them on pizzas . Uh-huh . And , and chops them up in recipes -- Sure . Makes , uh , -- and things like that . makes a colorful salad too . Oh , yeah . Put them in salad , yeah . Uh-huh . You 're , you 're making me hungry here . We planted some yellow peppers this year . We 've tried it , Oh . before and nope , we have n't had much luck with it we 're going to try it again this year . Yellow peppers , huh . They have some little buds on them hopefully they 'll do something . Yeah . Sounds like you have a real good garden . Yeah . We enjoy fooling around with it . Just let me see what I got , I got the peas and I 've got some broccoli , uh , onions some , some radishes and , uh , uh , beets . Beets . Yeah , we 've got some beets , uh-huh . Uh , and I planted potatoes too . Uh-huh . I 've never done potato . We used to do it at home when I was a kid , Oh , the potato , had a huge garden . They were , they 're delicious but they , you do n't get , seem to get that much for the space , Uh-huh . they , they do . It takes a , yeah , it does take some space . Some beet , uh , potatoes Yeah . MUMBLEx and I 've got some tomatoes still growing , Uh-huh . in , in containers , I see . I got to wait for a place to , to , to free up . Uh-huh . Uh , our , our kids love pickles and we all love pickles so we 're going to try to grow our own pickles this year . Uh-huh . That will be neat , yeah . We 've got some good , um , um , Hybrid Burpee uh -- Uh-huh . -- uh , pickler cucumbers and we 're going to try to see if we can pickle our own That will be neat , yeah . Absolutely , they 're expensive . I know it . I said , why are they so expensive they 're just a bunch of little cucumbers , you know ? I do n't know unless it , labor intensive or something . I really , I guess . do n't know . But we 're going to try that , That will be interesting . and see how that works . An experiment . Yeah . I 'd like to try , you know , just try something new , Sure . every year that , Yeah . I have n't tried before and , That 's interesting . Well . Well , I 'll let you go it 's , 