You bet . They tell you our topic ? Uh , pets . You 've got it . Do you have pets ? Yes , we do . Uh , my wife and I have a dog that soon be eight years old , and we have a , a cat , which is , uh , I guess about five years old . Oh , my goodness . How about you guys ? We have three dogs and -- Three dogs . 

-- two birds at this point . And two bi- , what kind of birds do you have ? Parakeets . No , kidding . En , enjoy them ? Oh , have a ball with them . You let them out and let them fly around and everything ? Well , no , because my dogs chase them . Okay . So in order to have the birds not stuffed I have to keep them in their -- You- , -- cages . You know , this is like a cruelty joke , and I apologize if you 're a bird lover , but , uh , we had a parakeet . Uh-huh . And , my fault , put up our first electric fan . Uh-huh . And never thought about it . 

Knocked that parakeet right out of the air . Well , we had that happen once , um , my son had the bird back in his room , because it 's his bir- , well , the first one that we had was his bird , and I had a ceiling fan put up , and it , the bird got away from him one afternoon , and I mean that sucker hit that fan and went flying up against the wall , 

I thought , oh -- It killed him ? -- so much for the bird . No , he 's still alive and kicking . Oh , that 's , well , it killed ours , I 'll be darned . No , I guess we did n't have it high enough or he did n't get hit in just the right spot , but it threw him up against the wall , you know , and he slid down the wall . Well , speaking of pets , I 'll tell you , my , my kids are older now , my , both of them are either in or out of college , but , but we had for years , about five years I guess , had a , my son had a Burmese boa constrictor , and -- -- that thing grew to be seven and a half feet in , in length , and finally my wife , wife , bless her heart , got rid of it , because I did n't really like it . Oh , I hate them . We also had a , one year down in Florida on a vacation , for Father 's Day , my kids , years ago , maybe , uh , ten years ago , go , bought me a skunk from a exotic pet shop . It 'd be like , it 'd been like deactivated as far as -- Oh , my goodness . -- s- , s- , smell and everything , and we had that darn pet skunk for about five years , and , and my son left , went to school , we finally sold his boa constrictor , but my son needed some money , and we , we sold it for about two hundred and fifty dollars . You 're kidding . So , when the guy came over , he was infatuated by that skunk , so I made him a deal , I said , You take that skunk , and , he said , I 'll sell that snake to you for two fifty . I said , otherwise I 'm going to give it to this other man . So he took the skunk , too . And the skunk was a good , a decent pet , but , you know , does his little jobbies in the litter box , and is , is . Oh well , that 's pretty good . And it was sort of a neat , but , they just stink too much . Oh , yeah , oh , yeah . That was sort of fun , you know , I tell everyone this story because my wife is a real pet lover . I use to visualize my wife , MUMBLEx many times my wife would be lying there on the sofa , and this snake honestly would be stretched across the top of her body -- Oh , you 're kidding . -- and with his , with his head right on her neck -- Oh . -- and the skunk would be sitting at her feet , but the cat would be on the back of the sofa , and a dog would be running around crazy . Oh , my gosh . I can not ima , I just , I do n't , in fact my brother has a , uh , a exotic pet shop out in California , and he keeps threatening to send a snake through the mail , you know , I 'm going -- Oh , gosh . -- do n't do that , because they wo n't come in my house . Oh , my son bought this snake , uh , MUMBLEx someone gave it to him when he was in junior high school , and it was just a small thing then , but it got to be pretty big , and , you know , you 'd feed it , you 'd feed it , you put , feed him small mice to big rats and things like that -- Uh-huh . -- it 's just , uh , too much . That snake used to watch our cat walk around . I always told my wife , I says -- Oh , my gosh . -- you know , your friend 's going to get our cat one of these days . Oh , my gosh . That is wild . Oh , I just ca n't do those , and the lizards and the -- Oh , me neither . -- all those those things , they , they need to stay outside , far away from me . We 're down to a simple dog and cat now , and that 's the way it should be , and . Yeah . Have n't had any parakeets for quite a while , birds . Uh , customer of mine has a parrot , and , uh , gosh , sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot , and that was just mind boggling . Oh , yeah , they are so expensive . Well , my son was just dying for a bird , and I 'm really allergic to them , so -- Are you ? -- I try to stay away from them , except I 've gotten real attached to this one , and , and , uh , we went down to Canton one time -- Uh-huh . -- oh , gosh , two or three years ago now , and he 'd saved up his allowance , you know , and picked him out a bird in a bird cage and , and that stinking bird , when I brought it home tried to take it out of the little box that they give you -- Yes . -- clamped onto my finger and would not , I mean , I had to literally shake him off to get him in the cage , and he has tried to bite me for two years , and all of a sudden this bird and I have become wonderful friends . Oh , gosh . He gives me kisses , he talks now -- That 's neat . -- and it 's just hysterical . I 'm the only one that pays attention to him . Why , sure . And I 'm a substitute teacher and one of my fifth graders last year came up to me and said , my mom 's making me get rid of the bird , we have too many pets . I thought , yeah , right come tell me about it , you know . Come to my menagerie . They knew the sucker when they saw one . So now we have two parakeets . 