Okay , do you have . Are you there ? Yeah . Okay . There , okay . Okay . Had to mess with my phone here . Um , do you have children ? Yes , I have one . Oh , okay . How about you ? I have three . Oh , my goodness . Yeah . Yeah , uh , do you work ? Yeah , I do . Okay . I do , I work and , and , uh , Brian 's in a day care center . 

He 's uh , he was two in December , Oh . so he 's not quite two and a half yet . Uh-huh . He , uh , I put him , I 'm kind of had different , different ideas from what probably the majority of people have , Uh-huh . I put him in a day care center from the very beginning . 

He started in day care when he was eight weeks old . Oh , no kidding . And I just , I do n't know , I have kind of the opposite opinion of most people , Really . I have had this real problem with a , a private individual . I mean I , I kind of looked at it like if you take him to a home with a , with private individual , when the door shuts , Yeah . that one person has total control , Yeah . 

and I always figured at least in a day care center there are other people around , Yeah . and if you get one bad apple , there 's are at least other people that can see it . Yeah . They can watch , and -- Yeah , yeah . -- I just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less . Uh-huh . Because there 's , 

You know , how can you help depending on the day care center , you know , Yeah . you got to when you hear about all the horrible things that happen in day care centers , have you ever noticed they 're always like a family owned center where the mother and the daughter and the son run it , you know , kind of thing . It 's like a family thing . Yeah , yeah . You never hear about it really in the big ones . Yeah . So , that 's what I did and I have had just excellent luck . Oh , good . I have been just so happy . 

He 's , Oh , good . I was just going to ask you how it , you know , if you liked the , the , but obviously you do or you would n't have him there , I know , but , Right . Right . Well he was in , he was in the same center for two years , Uh-huh . for the first two years , and , uh , it was wonderful , and I loved it , and I was so happy there 

and the woman who owned it sold it . Oh , gosh . But , I thought okay , I 'm going to keep an open mind here , Right . and the people who came in , it just was n't , it , Was n't the same . just was n't the same and their , Uh-huh . their attitude and philosophy was just completely , Uh-huh . opposite from mine , and I left him there for about a month and just decided I ca n't do this anymore , and I , Yeah . moved him , which was an extremely traumatic experience but . Was it ? Yeah . but , he 's done well , he 's been there , Good . a couple of months now , and I just feel so lucky . Oh , good . Yeah . That 's great , that 's good . How about you ? Do you work or do you get to stay home with them ? Well , I got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years . 

My oldest one is ten and a half now , Wonderful . or she 's , I guess , yeah , it 's , was about ten years . So I , yeah , I , I was really happy that I was able to do that . But , I , that 's what I wanted to , because I , uh , you know I just could n't wait to have kids and so , if I was , I was so anxious to have them and I could n't wait to have them it would be kind of silly , you know , to go back to work as soon as I had them , 

so , Right . Right . so , it , it , it , it was really great . By the end of the ten years I was really ready , Yeah . I bet . to go back to work , and my youngest was only , uh , two and a half . Uh-huh . I mean she was already two and a half , Uh-huh . 

so it was n't , you know , she was n't an infant . A baby . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , so , I felt real good about that , but , uh , boy , I tell you with summer coming up I 'm just pulling my hair out , in terms of what I 'm going to do , 

I , I guess I , went back to work about a year and a half ago and , uh , I worked full time all last year and now I 'm going to school part time and , uh , graduate school , and I 'm working part time . And , so I 'm still , I know how that goes . Yeah . I 'm still going full time , but I only have half time salary , Yeah . and , uh , when school lets out , I just do n't , I have n't , I have no idea what I 'm going to do , because I certainly ca n't afford what we did last year -- Right , right . -- which was , Did you have them in a center or something last summer ? Well , we did , we tried , we had all different things , we sent them to camp . One , first month , in June , they went to summer school , then the second month they , uh , one , my daughter went home to visit my Mom for a while and my son , uh , went to camp and there we had , uh , I do n't know some , forget what else we did but it was all , uh , really expensive . Yeah , that stuff is expensive . It really is . So , now they 're a year older , and I , my daughter 's eleven , going to be eleven this summer and my son will be , nine and a half . And so , I 'm not , I think I can leave them home , for a , if I can work part of the day , you know , I 'm going to leave them home . Yeah , yeah . I was going to say they 're getting to the age where , Right . you should be able to trust that a little bit , yeah . Yeah . Yes , in fact I 'm doing that right now with their afternoons , when they get home before I do . You know , that 's okay . But , the four year old now I hav , I have had her since I went back to work , or before I went back to work really , in a home day care situation , Uh-huh . and , uh , we 've just been really thrilled , with it too . We were what , actually we , it took us two or three different people to find , To find the right one , Yeah . that 's what we have to do though . Right . But , I was n't embarrassed to shop around you know , -- No . -- so , the , the person we found it through the , there 's an association here in town of professional home , care providers or something like that . Where do , where do you live ? In Plano . Plano ? Yeah , and they have a number you can call and all these people are registered with their association and , you know , go like our , our , uh , I do n't want to call her a baby-sitter , she 's does n't like , to be called that , care provider . Care provider . Right . She goes to seminars and , uh , Oh , that 's wonderful . she gets home visitations by the s- , MUMBLEx I do n't know , the state boards , I guess , some of them and then some by the association , and they have weekly meetings and everything and , so it 's just really , really well regulated . That 's great . And , she 's just great . In fact , uh , she 's all upset because Galen is going to go to kindergarten next fall and she says this is it , you know , I 'm not going to have her anymore and I said , Oh , no , do n't count on that . After noon classes she 's going to be here because she 's going to morning kindergarten . Right , right . So , but , we , we 've tried , we 've tried everything and one year , I guess last year when I went back to work I had my son was eight at the time , just barely eight , and , uh , we put him in Amrein 's Day Care , after . Uh-huh , I 've heard that , After , they were very good . Well , that 's why we picked it , because they were , were supposed to be real great , and , you know , I think they were fine , but the thing is he was in school all day , Uh-huh . in second grade , in , in Plano , it 's open classroom situation where they do n't have walls , Uh-huh . so there is like a hundred and twenty second graders , Oh . in the same area with no walls . And , uh , and then he 'd get on the Amrein 's Bus to go to Amrein 's and then there would be a whole ton of other kids , all in the same room , you know , Yeah . you know what fun they had with these computer games and then they 'd go outside for awhile , they had snacks and story time and everything . But , it was just like going to school until five thirty at night instead of being able to get home at two thirty . Poor kid was in school all day . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Because he was always around with a crowd of kids and he just really missed being able to be by himself , Uh-huh . and having some peace and quiet or , you know . Uh-huh . Even at that age they need that time , Yes . we all need that time , Yeah . just some quiet time to wind down from the day . Right . That 's exactly it . So , another thing that we tried to do , I , I know your son 's too young right now , but we 're trying , we tried to sign him up for after school scouts and , Yeah , yeah . stuff like that and , I think that 's really important , Yeah . and we 've already started about , you know , I mean , how young can they start T-Ball and soccer ? . Right . You know , I mean , I just , you know , we both think of that that as just so important , It is . to get him involved in stuff like that and , It is . And , you could hardly wait , I mean , he 's , he 's so much fun now , Yeah . he 's really , he 's really starting to get lots of fun and I ca n't wait until stuff like that starts happening -- I bet , yeah . -- you know , and , you know , we did the Easter egg hunts , Uh-huh . which was really the first year he was really able to -- Un , understand . -- and to know what we wan , know what he was doing -- Yeah . -- you know , and enjoy it , and it was so much fun and gosh he went a couple of weekends ago and rode an elephant and , God -- Oh , my gosh . You 're kidding . -- he got up on this elephant all by himself and Lord , I could n't believe it . You 're kidding . They had so much fun . . Oh , that 's great . I bought us tickets and stood there in line and I thought , I 'm going to end up on this elephant with him , you know , . He did it by himself , Well , good for him . so stuff like that is starting to come along where it 's really , Uh-huh . getting fun , Uh-huh . you know . Yeah . Day care has just done just incredible stuff with him and he like comes home with something new everyday , you know and so , Well , that 's great . That 's so good . I know , I know they 're working with him and he 's excited to get there in the morning , Uh-huh . and just does n't even want to kiss me good-bye . It 's just like bye , and he goes running , He 's out of there . you know , and he 's always having fun when I pick him up so , you know . Yeah , this , this day care is , is , Uh-huh . it 's Bright Steps in Lewisville . And , Uh-huh . whenever you say Bright Steps , everybody goes , oh , I 've heard that 's the best day care in town , you know , Yeah ? Good . and it 's , it 's one of those that 's very hard to get into . Uh-huh . and they have , this , this , this woman owns three day cares , two in Lewisville and one in Irving . Uh-huh . and she had to open the second one up in Lewisville because , Uh-huh . her waiting list was just like , you know , like a year old , it was ridiculous . Oh , my gosh . And , she 's got two day cares within like three blocks of each other . No kidding . Yes , so it 's , She knows something right , that she MUMBLEx and , She knows what she 's doing , all the teachers , like about half the teachers are degreed teachers . Yeah , that makes such a difference . Oh , it makes a huge difference . That 's the way it is at my daughter 's nursery school too . Uh-huh . And I think that really makes a difference . Yeah . They 're in it because it 's a profession , That 's right . That 's right . not because it 's a job they could get because they did n't qualify for anything else , you know . That 's right . And , his old day care as much as I loved it , you know , Uh-huh . and the owner , I really liked her and she worked really hard to get good people , but the people that she got -- Uh-huh . -- were there because they were n't qualified to do anything else -- Uh-huh . -- you know . Right . And , and I got lucky and all of his teachers were , Because , because , very good . Right . Some , sometimes that 's fine , that 's great , you know . Yeah , but then sometimes , you know , Sometimes it is n't . You just have to . Yeah . Well , is it real expensive then ? Um , it just went up the first of this month . I 'm paying , Uh-huh . uh , seventy nine dollars a week for now . So , Wow . It 's a little high , Yeah . but , but it 's , you know , it 's like where he was before I was only paying sixty three , so there 's quite a little jump there , Right . Right . but , I looked all over Lewisville , I looked in every day care there was -- Uh-huh . -- in Lewisville , and , Uh-huh . you know , and there were places that were cheaper , but is it , No . you know , your peace of mind is worth a little bit of money , Yeah . you know , and I have peace of mind , where he is -- Uh-huh . -- and some of those other places I would n't have . That 's exactly it . See , we do the same thing , since Galen goes to nursery school , we pay our , our home care provider , for our day care provider , full time for a whole week , but she , she 's gone three mornings . Galen just does n't go there three mornings a week . Yeah , yeah . But , I said to her , I said , you know , it does n't matter if for whatever re- , when school holidays come around , I used to have such a problem with that . Uh-huh . They would n't have anything to do . I 'd either have to , 