Okay . Hi , Nancy . H- , Well , do you do a lot of dining out ? No , um , we do n't although we enjoy it . 

Um , we do it more when we have company come . Uh-huh . Um , what about you ? Well , we do s- , some dining out . Um , I , I do a lot of cooking so , um , mostly like when we go out , you know , it 's my husband and I , I , we do n't go out too often as a family , um , unless it 's like a fast-food kind of thing . But , um , but we do enjoy dining out . One of our favorite places here in , in the Dallas area is Atlantic Cafe . I do n't know if you , have you ever been there ? I 've heard of that but I have n't been there . Um , where , about is that ? Um , well actually there 's the Atlantic Cafe and Cafe Pacific , and , uh , Oh , okay . I , I 've been to Cafe Pacific . Have you ? Th- , now that 's down in , uh , Highland Park . Right . It 's Highland Park Village . Did you like it ? Yes . Uh , Oh , I love it . Before we moved to , the area , my brother , uh , lived in Dallas for a number of years and we came up one time when my father was visiting and -- Uh-huh . -- we all ate there and , oh , their seafood was wonderful . Oh , it is , it 's fabulous . It really is a great place . Now where is the Atlantic Cafe ? Atlantic Cafe is down on , I believe it 's on McKinney . Oh , okay . Um , and o- , originally the two , the , the guy who owns the Cafe Pacific and th- , the guy who owns the Atlantic Cafe , were partners in the Atlantic Cafe . And then they , they separated and the guy started Cafe Pacific . And , I loved them both . I really do . I think they 're wonderful . That 's our favorite . You know what we 'd really like , if , if we just have a , a casual evening is Houston 's . Have you been there ? No , um , but I 've heard that 's really good , too , and , It 's wonderful . The only thing is you have to wait . You have , you have to expect to wait at least an hour . Oh . So you have to go knowing you 're going to be sitting there there for an hour waiting to get in . And , a- , as long as you know that , it 's okay . But they have , I think , one , just about the best prime rib -- Oh . -- um , anywhere -- Oh , okay . -- in the area . I love it . Uh-huh . And , my husband really likes their ribs . So it 's hysterical . We go in and we sit there for an hour waiting to get in and then we get there and we do n't even look at the menu . You know right away what you want . I know right away what we , what we want . Yeah . Yeah . Well , we really enjoy prime rib , too , and , uh , actually the , the Steak And Ale out here , uh , we 've gone to , uh , my in-laws also enjoy prime rib , when they 've -- Uh-huh . -- had some of their specials on Sunday , Monday , or Tuesday night -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , the time we went the prime rib was really good . Was it ? Really ? I 've nev- , I 've , I 've been there for like , you know , lunch -- Uh-huh . -- but , I 've never been there for dinner . And , it was good , yeah . Yeah , yeah . Oh , that 's great . That 's , great . Another nice place for , for prime rib is Baby Doe 's -- Oh , I 've heard about that , too -- -- Maxwell 's nice , have you been there ? -- but no . We 've , uh , I guess we eat out even less than I realize . And I did n't think we ate out very often . See ! Baby Doe 's is nice . Oh . And , one place I 'd never been that I would really like to go to , uh , is Lawry 's . I 've heard that 's real good , Yeah . Lawry 's Prime Rib ? Yes , I 'd , I had heard that , too . Um , I 've , I 've never been there but I 've heard it 's real good . Have you been to the little , uh , not for prime rib but the Cafe De France , um , right here -- Yes . -- on Central Expressway ? Yes , actually they have one in Richardson that I 've been to . Oh , okay . Uh , they have real nice lunches . Have you , have you been there for lunch ? Or , Yes , uh -- Yeah . -- primarily lunch , well , and breakfast sometimes but , uh , during the week they often have , a , a limited menu choice but , uh , very reasonable complete dinners for six ninety-nine that included -- Really ? -- the soup an- , or salad -- Really ? -- entrees and accompaniments and dessert and , uh , the , my husband and I like veal , uh -- Uh-huh . -- a lot and their veal dishes have been good . We 've tried different ones when they 've had them as one of the -- The specials . -- Uh-huh . Have you ever been to Biffin 's ? Huh- , I keep hearing about it . I keep hearing the advertisements of it -- I , yes , no , -- and , and they keep saying , you know , oh , it 's wonderful , it 's wonderful . I have not been over there and I was thinking , you know , it 's supposed to be a family place over near Plano Super Bowl . Right . And , And , uh , I 've , I 've not been there . I have n't either , uh , one place , and I 've only been there for lunch , but , uh , I went with a friend , and we met her husband , um , down on Greenville , down near the Highway Twelve area , is Gershwin 's , I 've been there . Oh , I , we just we , That was nice . It was and we had the , uh , we both enjoy mushroom soup and Linda had told me they had the best mushroom soup and they did . It was wonderful but , uh , and we just had soup and salad so we could make room for the dessert , which was a chocolate sack . I do n't know if you tried but -- Oh -- -- or s- , -- I 've heard of it . Where , where it 's made , it 's like , it 's like a , it 's all chocolate , like made like a paper bag -- Yes ! -- and it 's filled with what , whip cream -- -- and , and strawberries and something ? Yeah . -- and whip cream and it had strawberries , kiwis , and raspberries -- Oh . -- in a raspberry , uh , puree and , Oh . and we shared one , the three of us and it was plenty because it was very rich but , uh -- Oh . -- I wished I 'd had a camera . It was beautiful . Oh , I bet it was . I bet it was . Uh . The last time we went to Cafe Pacific , it was Father 's Day , and -- Oh . -- we took another friend with us and , uh , for dessert we thought we had just stuffed ourselves . And so we had , they had , uh , like a berry assortment . It was , it was raspberries -- Oh . -- and blueberries and , and strawberries on a plate with like a custard on the bottom . And , you know , they did , like the raspberry puree , just kind of like in a , in a decoration on the , you know , how they do the plates real fancy with the decorations and then -- Yes . Yeah . -- piled the berries and shaved chocolate on top of it -- Oh . -- and it was outstanding . It sounds wonderful . It was really , really relatively simple but , oh , it was good . It was really good . Well , that 's , uh , one of the things th , that I do enjoy when you get a good restaurant . Uh , I love fresh berries . And , their , their fruits are always exceptional . I do n't , I 'm , know they must have a special source for getting them because even at the Farmer 's Market , uh , You ca n't find them . you ca n't find them -- Yeah . -- like that and , Yeah , yeah , yeah . You know , i- , I 'm originally from Connecticut and , uh , I was home a few years ago and my sister and brother-in-law were going to take us out for dinner and , uh , I was really amazed , you know , the , the restaurants up there were kind of quaint . You know , they were real , real pretty but they lacked , the service and they lacked the at- , the , just the , I do n't know . The restaurants down here seem like they have , uh , I guess there 's so much competition that they , really have to be good . Uh-huh . And , I thought I would really miss that . I would , too , because , well , because we do n't go out very often . When we do go out , um , in a way it 's like a little mini vacation I guess , and , uh , it is , it 's a whole experience . Of course you want the food to be good but the atmosphere and service I think , are important , uh -- Uh-huh . -- too . And , you know , in order to survive in this area , I think they have to be good . Yeah . Because the ones that are n't so good do n't , just do n't make it . Um , that reminded me of a place for lunch that 's a little off the beaten track but it is wonderful . It 's called Cafe Max and it 's at Plano Road and Campbell . They have the most wonderful salads . They do what they call a salad sampler which easily could feed two or three . Oh , really ? 