So , Julie , how do you feel about AIDS research ? I think we need , we definitely need more of it , definitely . I 'd agree , too , but , I mean , it seems like it just makes economic sense in that , you know , uh , you know , 

it would have made even better economic sense to , to , to have had a lot more research than a l- , l- , longer ago . Oh , yeah , yeah , for certain . You know , because , you know , because , uh , the country 's going to wind up paying for the treatment of patients . Exactly . Uh-huh . Exactly . 

Does , does like , d , do health insurance policies , like , for companies and things , do they cover diseases like that ? I think they cover AIDS , but what they do is , uh , if , you know , you apply for , for to get a , a insurance policy -- Uh-huh . -- they 'll , uh , check to see if you 're H I V positive and if you are , not only will they not give you , uh , a policy , but they 'll , uh , they have like , there 's like , you know , a database of people that have tested positive , so you 'll never be able to get insurance ever again . Um , well , that 's , but that 's why they should have s , started doing stuff before . I mean , still , you know , since it 's dormant for such a long time , there 's still probably a lot of people , you know , before the tests ever really came out -- Yeah . -- who are , who are draining a lot of money right now . You know , 

I think a lot of it was , was just that , you know , becau- , because of , of the , audi- , you know , because , because the majority of the high risk groups were people -- Right . -- no one really cared about . Right . That , Right , and all these God-fearing people were like , well , you know -- Uh-huh . -- God is trying to kill off all the et cetera , et cetera . Uh-huh , yeah , uh , yeah , 

one , one , one h , one humorous retort I heard , heard someone , you know , who claimed that , you know , AIDS was , you know , God 's punishment -- Uh . -- was that , then lesbians must be God 's chosen people . Yeah . But , uh , Boy , that 's a good one . So , uh , Yes ? Uh , do you think , d , you mean , do you actually think we 're doing enough right now to , 

No , I really do n't . I did , I did like a research kind of thing on AIDS research and stuff , and , uh , really we 're not doing much at all , I mean , most of what gets raised , I mean , it 's not really federal movement , most of what gets raised , gets raised by , uh , uh , you know , -- Private organizations . -- conscious , yeah , communities and things like that , you know . 

Uh-huh . Like , uh , San Francisco has a , a real , uh , strong AIDS support group and all that kind of stuff and -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , get , they get donations from the community , you know , they 're real , Uh-huh . And from corporations around the , around the city , you know , for AIDS research and that kind of thing and , uh , I think there needs to be more of that sort of on a federal level , you know , rather than just in the places where it 's , you know , where it 's predominated so far , because it 's , you know it 's -- 

Uh-huh . -- bound to spread . I mean , it seems that , you know , it 's just , you know , of , it 's just going to reach a steady , a steady state a let , a lot , lot higher point than it will if we , you know , we 'd nip it in the bud to q , quote Barney Fife . Right . Yeah . I do n't know , I do n't know , I , I , I do n't know what the likelihood of that is , but , I mean , you know , people really waking up . 

Uh-huh . Especially with the ultra conservatives -- Uh-huh . -- move our , our political system s- , sort of seems to be taking . Uh-huh . I would probably agree with that . Yeah so , Uh , so do , do you think it 's more important to spend money on research or for support of , uh , people ? God , that 's a good question , Fish . I do n't know , uh , I think , I think one of the main things that 's really important to spend money on is education , not support or , or , research per se , but , but education because a lot of people sort of get drummed out of the work place and out of society , you know , kind of like lepers would -- Uh-huh . -- you know -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's really , it 's really not necessary , uh , until , until the , disease reaches its final stage , you know , becomes really infectious -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I think that would be the most effective support they could get is for other people to understand , you know , try to understand what they 're going through and everything and try to understand that -- Uh-huh . -- they 're not , you know , they do n't , they do n't have to be just completely cut off from , from the community -- Uh-huh . -- and that , and , uh , I do n't know , I guess I think that , that , uh , research is , I guess the most important , just because I , you know , it , it really needs to come to an end . Uh-huh . You know . I do n't know . I do n't know , Fish . What do you think about that subject ? I think it 's , I think it stands a really interesting question of , uh , 