I do n't believe that we 're , So what do you think about , uh , recycling programs in Atlanta , Julie ? The recycling program here is just terrible . I mean it 's hard to find places to go . I mean , Kroger does a couple things . 

They , I do n't think they , do they do newspapers ? I do n't know , there 's , there 's big bins out there , I do n't know if they ever get , I , I really do n't know what the details are . There should be someplace where you could call and find out . As a matter of fact , I 'm pretty sure there 's a place you can call and find out the closest , you know , thing to you , but , I think there should be some kind of curbside service . Yeah . That 's the only way I could really , The one in Florida is so cool because they pick up everything . 

They pick up newspapers and , uh , you know , milk jugs and aluminum and tin cans , you know , like soup comes in and stuff . Uh-huh . They pick up everything . During the summers , like the , around where I live the , uh , homeless people see- , I mean , they all have like shopping carts and -- Uh-huh . -- stuff and they 're go around and collect cans -- Uh-huh . -- and aluminum and stuff , and so we used to just save them up and then they 'd come around and we 'd give them to them . Uh-huh . But , when , 

during the winter time I think they , they move south or something -- Yeah . -- so , I do n't do that anymore . And the , the recycling at Georgia Tech , like that , uh , outside the , uh , student center -- Uh-huh . -- they never empty those things . I know it , I know it . They just overflow . It piles up . So what 's a guy to do ? I just do n't know . I asked myself . I just do n't know and now they have , like bins and stuff that are a little more convenient because , mean , until seven o'clock , you got to pay to park at the student center , you ca n't really unload all your stuff . Really ? Huh , oh , yeah , that 's true , had n't thought about that . That is very inconvenient . Uh-huh . Inconvenient , even . I know it , I know it . But , uh , so , you do recycle , do n't you ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm kind of , I 'm kind of bad about it . The MUMBLEx , If I , if see a , s- , if I see a pile of cans or bottles or something -- Uh-huh . -- I 'll throw it in there , but I do n't really , I do n't ever take anything . Well , I mean , it 's real , you ought to , because the , the , the farmer 's market recycles absolutely everything . Uh-huh . And since we go there all the time , I mean -- But wait -- -- probably MUMBLEx at all . -- I 've never seen you before . Who are you ? Oh , by the way , may name 's Julie . Yeah , my name 's Bill . Well , Hi . Hi . I 'm from Atlanta . Me , too . Neat . Crazy . Uh , well , is there anything else you 'd like to share me about your recycling philosophy , Julie ? I just think that everybody ought to do it . Do they do like , what about , like , uh , what kind of plastic stuff can you recycle , do you know ? The only thing I know that you can recycle is milk jugs . Really ? Yeah . What about like those grocery bags ? Oh , yeah , they have , uh , uh , what I , what I used to , uh , now that I do n't go to the grocery store much , it 's kind of moot , but I used to just save up the ones that I got one time -- Uh-huh . -- and then go and hand them to them the next time and use them over and over . Uh-huh . A- , but , also most places , like Big Star does and I 'm not sure if Kroger does or not but , They 'll ask you whether you want bags or paper or plastic . Yeah , and they , they have like little , little boxes that you can put your old bags in . uh . Can bring them in . Those petroleum products are going to kill us . I know it , I know it . The hostile planet , I think , Julie . It really is a small , hostile planet . The petroleum pretty much , I mean , those petroleum products I think are the big , uh , you know -- Did you know that , -- the great Satan of the recycling . No , really not . Did you know that , like , something like fifty percent of the world 's landfills is like paper ? Um . Filled with paper . Paper just seems so innocuous . Huh ? Paper does n't seem threatening at all , you know . Well , it is , it is , though . It comes from trees . How can it be bad ? It is , because they , They treat it with chemicals or something ? Why ca n't trees break down ? I do n't get it . Well , they do treat paper with chemicals like yellow paper , you know -- Yep . -- takes something like twenty times as long to decompose . Oh . You know , you can bury a piece of yellow paper , it will still be there in a couple of weeks . Really ? Yeah -- Huh . -- it will be whole . You 'll be able to read -- I 'm going to switch -- -- off of it . -- from those yellow legal pads , then . Yeah , um . I 'm glad you told me that , because I use those at work , where I work and , uh , But I can just -- W- , -- forget that from now on . I 'm going u- , I 'm going to switch to the white ones . Well , white paper 's bad too . They , they treat it , too . Well , what about , uh , papyrus , you know , made out of bam- , you know , bamboo stuff , from the -- I 'm sure that 's fine . -- from the -- I 'm sure . -- banks of the Nile . Maybe we ought to just start carving in stone again . You think so ? Maybe . Tablets ? Yeah . I think we should just abandon the , you know , the written word -- You think ? -- altogether , you know . I do n't know , well , I mean , What do you think ? I think we 've kind of , you know , I mean , everybody , everybody -- Kind of radical , I know but , -- everybody has a computer . We would no longer need -- That 's true . -- paper at all . Everyone had a two way wrist watch T V -s on their wrist , like , uh , Dick Tracy . I would love that . 