Uh , we have a Sheltie Collie , a miniature Sheltie . Do you ? Yeah . It 's about , oh , about six months old , and we 're try , we live in an apartment , so , we do n't have a yard , so it has to stay inside and we 're having a difficult time trying to train it . How old is it ? It 's about six months . Uh , you , you 're , you 're in the roughest stages of pet -- Really ? -- ownership , I think . But they 're supposed to be real intelligent dogs , 

but I guess every one , one one , one of them , or every once in a while , you get one that 's not so intelligent -- Well . -- because this one , it . I do n't , I do n't know if that has anything to do with the intelligence , really , the , the , the training bit , uh . I 've had dogs through the years . Right now I 've got two , and three cats , but , uh , and my son and daughter-in-law have kind of a Sheltie mix , and we watched it this summer for two to three months , 

and it was n't trained quite fully either -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , but it was a sweet and an intelligent dog . Yeah , so how 'd you all , how do you , 

what 's the best method ? I do n't know . I , I 'm old fashioned , and when I got my , my dogs , when they , when they did something I hollered at them and threw them outside . Right . They say that 's not the way to do it now . You 're just supposed to -- Stand outside with them until they . -- No , just , just , put them outside , I guess . Unless you ca , catch them in the act . Well , we 're hardly ever at home , so it 's -- Yeah . -- kind of difficult , and , you know , you do n't want to , you do n't want to spank it or scare it , or anything like that , so . No , no , you do n't want to do that , but , uh . Yeah , we , we try to take it , you know , it gets , it gets frustrating when you take it outside and , you know -- Does , does it just want to sniff around ? -- and then it runs right inside Does it just want to sniff around and play when it 's outside ? Yeah , a lot of times , and -- Yeah . -- you know , it wo n't it 's little job outside and it comes inside . Have you praised it and given it a treat maybe when it does something outside ? Uh , yeah , we 've tried that , and , uh , you know , there 's certain spots in the house where he likes to -- Yeah . -- go , so , and he chews on plants and all that , but , you know , that 's natural -- That 's nothing , huh . -- for a little puppy . Huh ? Well , it , it , it 'll , it 'll catch on pretty soon , I 'll , I 'll bet you . I , I have a sixteen year old , almost sixteen year old Golden Retriever , and she 's gone the other way , because she 's so old , she does n't have much control -- Oh , really . -- so we 're battling with that problem -- Oh , that 's sad . -- and she still feels good . Uh , she ca n't hear worth a darn or see very well , but she 's got a great appetite , and she knows we 're there , by smell . How old is it ? She 'll be sixteen in May . Man -- And -- -- that 's sad . -- yeah , but we ca n't bear to do anything because -- Oh , of course not . -- she 's been our friend for all these years , so -- I could n't . -- we 're putting up with all her accidents , and the la- , two nights ago , she had diarrhea , and so that was a bad one . But , uh , I think we 're buying a carpet shampooer this weekend . That is really sad . What , what 's the deal , we , we try to , we 're trying to take it on walks now , you know -- Uh-huh . -- and we ca n't because it 's not accustomed to being on a leash -- Yeah . -- and so it , I mean this dog really feels like it 's being killed or something when you try to , you know , tug on it to walk it . I mean , it just goes like a mad dog , I mean it just jumps up and down and starts yapping , and -- Does it , oh . -- it 's , you know , I mean , it 's not even close to even -- Uh-huh . -- being trained on a leash . You know , maybe you nee , you can get it signed up this spring or summer for some of the dog obedience classes . Uh-huh . Well , we 've heard bad , we 've heard some bad things about some of those , you know , they sometimes mis , misuse their license or whatever -- Oh . -- you know , they treat them bad . Well , you know , we went , we went to the junior college , Richland -- Oh , really ? -- and we took , my , my daughter was living at home then , and she took our Golden Retriever , oh , not the Golden Retriever , the Norwegian Elk Hound over there -- Oh , really ? -- and , it , it , it 's a pretty good class , and they did pretty good , except this dog is , she 's just pretty , she 's not smart . Uh-huh . So , she did n't learn a lot , but it , I think it calmed her down a little bit , and she 's used to being around other dogs now . How long did it take ? I think it was like a six week program . Every , what ? Uh , I think it was one night a week -- Oh , really ? -- for like six weeks , and , uh , you know , it was a group class , outside . It was fairly reasonable , too . Well , Sheltie Collies are , you know , timid , and they do n't really , unless they get used to something , they 're really nervous and . Yeah , they 're , they 're usually , a high-strung dog are n't they ? Yeah , yeah , and , uh , if they 're not accustomed to something , they , they 're really scared . So . Um , our , our friend has a , 