Hello ? Hello . How you doing ? Fine . I 'm Lee with , uh , uh , I 'm over here in Plano , Texas . Okay . Let me ask you something , can I run a minute and shut my radio off ? Oh , sure . Okay . Oh . Okay . Where are you calling from or -- Arlington . -- where are you at ? Arlington , Texas . Arlington . Yes . 

Well , there 's a lot of s- , stuff going on in Arlington these days . Yes , not all good stuff . Are you involved in any of that ? No . No . No , I 'm not , not personally . Well , uh , what benefits do , now , do you work ? I 'm going to school right now . Oh , you are ? I can tell you about my last job or -- Okay . 

-- whatever you want to talk about that or my husband 's or what I think . Yeah . I 've got a lot of , Because I , I work for myself -- Uh-huh . -- and so , uh , there 's a lot that I , that I guess I do miss , uh , a lot of benefits from working for a big corporation . I miss , uh -- Yes . -- insurance and -- Right . -- uh , the steady paychecks that come . Yes . But , uh , Yes , I 've been in my own business , Mary Kay , in fact , I 'm selling in out now to go to school full time and -- Oh , is that right ? -- I enjoyed the freedom of having that , you know , go to work when I wanted to or not -- Uh-huh . -- but , you know , the benefits were n't there . Yeah . So , 

I , uh , I own part of a roofing company . Oh , do you ? In the , in the Dallas , Fort Worth area . Uh-huh . And , uh , you know , unfortunately we , we were part of a , of a bigger , bigger company -- Uh-huh . -- and they , uh , you know , we , we had all the benefits there and , and I do miss that . Yeah . You know , but , uh , on the other hand , I , I , uh , I enjoy having the , the time -- Right . -- that I have with my family and -- Yeah , uh-huh . -- being able to , you know , work when I want and , I think today the thing that I , uh , would appreciate the most , uh , because my husband gets , his medical through his company , but we have -- Uh-huh . -- to pay for mine and we 're the only one , I 'm the only one that 's being insured and -- Oh , is that right ? -- and we pay the same amount that someone over there that has four children has , I mean , so it 's kind of , Yeah . And I would , I really , and the way medical expenses are -- It 's , -- I think that 's probably one of the biggest -- Yeah . -- benefits -- It , it , -- to ha , you need to have . Yeah , I 'll tell you what , that is the single most -- Right . -- uh , benefit that I , that I enjoyed , and I do miss because I looked into picking up some , uh , medical insurance for my , just for my family , you know , just , and it is unbelievable -- It 's out of sight . -- how much you have to pay for it . Right , it 's out of sight . And , uh , yeah , Even at a group rate , I could n't believe how much -- Oh , yeah -- -- is our , -- even at a group rate . Uh , it 's , it 's unbelievable and , uh , the amount that you have to pay for , you know , for kids and , and if you want to add dental to it , I mean , that 's -- Right , it goes up . -- that eats even more . Right . So , yeah , I guess what , the other benefits that , uh , that I , uh , that I miss , I guess is , uh , you know , some of the bonuses and stuff that -- Uh-huh . -- that goes on with just being involved with a big company , you know and course , these days , you ca n't count on that because -- Right . -- uh , you know , I feel bad for the people that are involved in that , uh , G M deal there in -- Right . -- in Arlington and I 'm sure it will be , you know , quite a few people are affected by that so , Right , it 's going to hurt the city , although , uh , I will personally tell you , I used to work at a bank , and I would see the G M people come in when they were , they would shut down to retool . Uh-huh . They were paid that whole time and I do n't know , if you 're aware of this r- , Oh , really ? Yes , they come in there , just , they go off fishing and stuff and come in and , every Friday , and go to the safety deposit box , and I 'm sitting there making a hundred dollars a week , you know and , Is that right ? And they had all these gr- , I , I really believe they have done this to themselves , in a way , because of the unions being so stocked . The union , yeah . And right now , anybody 's that 's laid off from G M will have a full year 's paycheck . I just read this in the paper the other day . Is that right ? Plus probably an additional six months through the , the worker 's stuff that they have at , at , uh , through the company so I 'm sor , you know , I 'm sorry it 's happening -- Yeah . -- because it 's going to hurt , but I do n't feel as sorry for them , Well -- If my husband -- -- really the , -- were laid off tomorrow , we 'd get one more check and that would be it . Yeah , really the ones it 's going to hurt is , is actually the , the businesses around -- Yes . -- in that area . Oh , yeah , that 's already -- You know , that 's the ones that -- -- hurting . -- that that 's going to hurt because they depend on that , uh , But I think there 's a case , where benefits have gotten , they voted them in and they got so good , I mean , like two dollars for a prescription -- Oh , yeah . -- no deductible on the medical , all these things , you know -- Yeah . -- and it made the prices of cars go up and -- Uh-huh . -- and , you know , the , I , we , I believe in unions , but they went too far . Well , I 'll tell you , I -- I mean , I ca n't make eighteen dollars an hour . -- I 've had my fill of unions . I , I mean , I know someone out here that makes eighteen dollars an hour . Oh , yeah . 