Okay , um , well , the first thing , uh , what do you think you would offer as far as , uh , information about selecting a school ? Well , first I think they 've got to have a pretty good idea of what they want to , what they want to do . Uh-huh . 

Uh , once they have that , then they can start looking in all the various publications that give out all the information about schools and write to the schools themselves , and start finding out about the different requirements for the programs and what kind of , uh , of job assistance and all that other kind of stuff they offer . Yeah , uh , do you , do you feel that the first two years that the , um , depending upon the field , I know there are some fields which a person should go to the school , that school , all four years , but I know there are some fields where it 's really not necessary . Yeah , a lot fields are , most of your liberal arts degrees and stuff are n't really concerned with your first two years anyway . 

It 's , it 's your core education , your general requi- , general education requirements . Uh-huh . Um , if , you know , if they want to get a liberal arts degree , I do n't , I do n't know what advice I 'd give them . Go to the school you 'd like to go to . Yeah . That 's what I did . Yeah . I did n't care about the program or anything else . I went where I wanted to go . Yeah . What was your degree in ? Uh , political science . Political science , oh , okay . Well , I kn , I know , I 'm going to school right now , 

and , uh , I have a friend , Where are you at ? Uh , U T D . University of Texas , Dallas . Well , yeah , I guess , everybody 's in Dallas that I talk to . I 'm in , I know . North Carolina . That 's where Texas Instruments is . Yeah , right . Um , something that I , I think that I 've noticed that I , I have a friend , 

I think if you 're going into like , uh , law or medicine , a very particular , very specific field , even , even engineering , you can get , you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public , um , institution . Sure . And , uh , it 's a lot cheaper . Oh , yeah . My parents , my parents made a mistake in , uh , in sending my sister to a private institution for the first two years . Um . And she found out after that , she said , you know , my parents , they just , they really wasted a lot of money . This is about twenty years ago . Uh-huh . But , uh , well , right now I just , I mean as far as selecting , selecting a school , I , I , I feel that , uh , a lot of it depends upon the major . Yeah , it does . Um , I did n't know what I wanted to do after I got my , my degree . 

Uh-huh . Um , originally I had planned , uh , undergrad degree in political science and then a master 's in public administration . And I went ahead and pursued that . I , I got as far as the thesis , and decided , To hell with it , I did n't want it . Um , and from that point I went to law school . Uh-huh . And after a year and a half of that I decided I did n't want that either . 

Okay . Have n't figured out what I want to be when I grow up . Yeah . And so , but I , I , I really did enjoy the law . I mean , that 's , that 's where I wanted to be , but I did n't want to go through the , uh , the hassle that the law schools put you through , because I never did want to be a practicing attorney . I just wanted a law degree . Uh-huh . And I 've since discovered that I would be far better off being in the paralegal field . Yeah . Because that 's the nuts and bolts of the law , and that 's what I like , and you do n't have to put up with all the B S that the lawyers have to . Right . So that 's , that 's what I 'm pursuing right now -- Um . 

-- and I 'm pretty happy with it so far . Yeah , yeah , I 'm , I 'm pursuing what they , what 's , what 's called an interdisciplinary field . I 'm a speech therapy major -- Uh-huh . -- and fortunately I have a lot of , I have a good medical background , Yeah . and , that 's probably very useful . Yeah , 

it 's , it 's actually turning out to be more , more useful than what I thought . Uh-huh . And , um , I also have a good languages background , linguistics . Uh-huh . And some psychology . So , it 's all working together . Yeah . 

The only field I 'm not familiar with really is education , which is required , MUMBLEx requires about four or five different fields -- Oh , good grief . -- really . So it 's a , Yeah , I thought at one time I wanted to be a teacher , but I , I quickly dispelled that idea when I became a substitute teacher for a while , just to get my feet wet . Uh-huh . I said , uh , I could n't do this everyday . No way . Well . Maybe , maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing , but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing . Oh , so you are a disgruntled graduate student . I am a dis , I am , I am just a disgruntled person all around . Oh . I 'm the , uh , I 'm the , uh , original , uh , Mister Scrooge , I guess . Yeah , Bah , humbug . Yeah , bah , humbug . Yeah , I just , I , I , I think , yeah , there is , I , I , I think , uh , law would be a fine field , a fine profession , fine field to go into . Um , I know one time I was in a political science class , and you know , talking about fields , people going into different fields , I made an off , off the cuff remark about lawyers , about their integrity being questionable . And I mean , oh , that was like a can of worms . Probably , you probably got everybody on you , because they were probably all going to law school . No , there was a woman , she said My , my best friends are lawyers and you know , all this , and it was just . Well , that remark in itself is a slam . My best friends are lawyers . Yeah , I know . You know , like , like , uh , my best friends are blacks . Or Jewish , it used to be Jewish , you know . Jewish , now blacks -- Yeah . -- and I guess , I , I , guess Iraqi now is the . I know , it 's , but , Law , law was a lot of fun until you get to law school -- Yeah . -- and it does n't become fun anymore . Yeah , I have a I have a friend . She 's studying , she 's going into law , another friend going into law , and , she 's , I , I , I 'm really , I 'm really concerned about , you know , she 's just going to be , you know , what 's going to happen when she gets there . Yeah , you going , You know , all of her dreams will be dispelled . Oh , yeah . Yeah , if , if , if you 've ever seen the program PAPER CHASE -- Yeah . -- it 's very much like that , except worse . Yeah , it 's I , I think it 's probably more embarrassing and very painful . It is . I see -- Yeah , very much so . -- I see that happening . Yeah , it 's , it 's a lot of that . Um -- Yeah . -- it , it was enjoyable for a while , um , but it 's such a grind -- Yeah . -- and you begin to wonder , you know , if , if I 'm not , I mean , you really have to be dead set on being a lawyer to do it . Uh-huh . If you have any doubts whatsoever , you better not get into it . Uh-huh . I mean , I wasted a year and a half of awfully hard , and I aged ten years . Uh-huh . But I , I , I would n't trade the experience for anything in the world . It never hurts to have some kind of a grounding in law . Yeah , I went to a language school , and , and that was a , it was a , an un- , I guess , uh , United States institution . I was military at the time . And I , I think -- What branch were you in ? -- probably the biggest . Huh ? What branch were you in ? I was in the Air Force ? I was too . Yeah , yeah , for myself , I mean , I think that military experience was fine , it was just , I just wish that there was something else that , that , that I could have done , you know , with , Well , I got , I got tired of the service after a while , I mean it , I had a terrific job , really enjoyed it . Yeah , what , what was your job ? Uh , command post . Uh , I was , I was a linguist . I was just wondering , were you in SAC by any chance ? . Um . Were you in SAC ? In Tak ? SAC . Uh , no I was n't . Oh , okay , I , I thought maybe you might have had some experience with the , uh , R C one thirty-fives . No , no , I did n't , I did n't go flight crew . Matter of fact , I did n't make it completely through that , through that field . I , was in intelligence school and about three weeks short . Oh . I did n't make it , I sort of washed out . Well , Well . Yeah after about eighteen months of talking about the -- Uh-huh . -- year and a half training , you know , it 's , it 's something , you know , I think that 's why , you know , children really need to think about the field they 're going to , going into , and I mean , spend a lot of serious -- Yeah . -- reading before they , I mean , not just -- Yeah . -- thinking about . They actually should do some reading -- That 's right , and it , -- and they should study it . And if it 's possible even get some experience at it or at least watch some people -- Yeah . -- do it . I , I , I , I think , I think there 's a lot to be said for kids working -- Uh-huh , sure . -- after school . I mean , they , they find out whether , just how much of a people person they are . That 's true , I found that out when I was in high school . I worked at McDonald 's . Oh , and I tell you what , I worked at McDonald 's as well , and I , I can tell you one thing , there are just some people that I , you know , you just came to the point where I mean , and oh , I eventually worked in a lab , in a la- , as a lab technician , and I worked front desk . And I mean , somebody could walk in the door , and I knew exactly what they were going to do and say . Yeah , yeah I was the same way too . I 'm not a people person . I , I , I hate , um , having to play such a nice guy . Yeah . You know , especially when it 's all phony . Uh-huh . Especially when you got some , uh , jerk coming in . Uh-huh . I , it 's just not for me . I 'm , uh , I deal much better in research and books , and stuff like that -- Uh-huh . -- which is why I 'm going to enjoy the paralegal field a lot . Yeah , that 's good . I was just wondering , um , getting back to the school thing , so , I , I almost wish that there was something ... 