So . How 's your products been ? Um , I really have n't had , uh , too many problems . Uh , seems to me that everything that I buy goes bad just after the warranty runs out . I hear that one . Have you had any lately go out ? Yeah , I 've had a dryer , an ice maker , a microwave , all three , and they , unfortunately I bought them all three at the same time , when I bought my new house , and , uh , I really do n't have any recourse , 

so I had to call and have them all repaired and that . Oh , wow . Yeah , it was a hassle . So you did n't get anything , even , all the , all the warranties were out ? Yeah , the warranty on the refrigerator , uh , the i- , the refrigerator warranty 's still good , but the ice maker itself , passed its three years , and it was three years and two months . You 're kidding . No . Yeah , we just moved into a new house , too , 

so we had to buy all those , too . Uh , watch out . Yeah , the only thing I 've had problems with is , um , I buy a lot of wood working equipment through the mail -- Uh-huh . -- and I bought this paint stripper where they advertise that it 's nontoxic and such , and when you get the product it ends up being toxic and all these warnings . So . Um . I did n't return it because it 'd probably cost me more than , I just ended up using it . But , that 's about the only thing I 've had gone wrong . But . I usually have pretty good luck with appliances , but I just , uh , it was within two days that all three of these stopped working , and the -- That 's incredible . -- the ice maker was , uh , had to have a new pump , 

and the , uh , microwave had to have , uh , some kind of something I ca n't even pronounce , and they , uh , the dryer had to have a new heating element , so it was about , almost three hundred dollars for all three of them . And they all went out at the same time ? Uh , within two days of each other . Or two days . Wow . I was , it was n't a good week . I was pretty mad . And plus the place that I 'd bought them all had gone out of business , so even if I , I think even if I had , uh , had kept the warranty , the service agreements were with the companies that , that manufactured , but still they were through that retailer , so I do n't know if I could have taken it to another retailer or not . Wow , it 's frustrating . But I did n't have to worry about all that , because they were n't under warranty . So . It was a call to the local appliance dealer -- Uh-huh . -- who came out and fixed them all , but , I , the only other things that I 've ever had trouble with , uh , I seem to have a real bad trouble with electric hair dryers , blow dryers . Uh-huh , they go out a lot ? Yeah , I 've had two or three of those go out . One was under warranty , and the other two were n't , but , I just , other than that , you know , T V -s and things like that , I have n't ever had any trouble with . I do n't think products are getting much better though . Yeah . See I 'm in the manufacturing MUMBLEx home from work and make , um , automotive air bags , the safety air bags . Oh , really ? Yeah . That 's interesting . At Morton International , and , I thin , well , it 's , it 's changed a lot with the manufacturing environment . We test everything after each assembly process , and so our testing is pretty thorough , but . Do you , do you test each individual one -- Um . -- or do you just test , like if you 've got ten , you test one , and by the test results of the one you assume that the other nine are okay ? Um , the tests that , well , we test every one electrically . We do n't , I think they test four or five a day , actually exploding the air bags -- Uh-huh . -- and , but we do test after , during the assembly project , product , um , after we assemble each part of the inflator or what explodes the bag , we check to make sure it 's there after we install it , so , each assembly process has an inspection right after it 's done , and then we do electrical tests on them during the process , so . Well , that 's something I 've never had to use , it 's never , I 've never been involved in an automobile accident , so , luckily that 's a product that I have n't had to test . Yeah . But I think it 's a great idea . I 'm , I 'm , seems like all the good logical ideas take forever to come about but that . Well , they do the , all the testing that we have to do through the government , it 's incredible how much testing they have to do . Oh , I 'm sure they want to be thorough before they . But , uh , even , you know , I do n't mind spending the extra money on the car -- Uh-huh . -- if , you know , even if they pass the savings , the cost onto the consumer , because it just seems like a real worthwhile thing . I 'm not a real big seat belt , my , uh , 