Well , Michael , what do you think about , uh , funding for AIDS research ? Do you , Well , uh , uh , that 's something I 've thought a lot about . Uh-huh . Uh , I , I work in a hospital . Uh-huh . And I 've worked in the hospital for fifteen years and I 've taken care of a few AIDS patients . Uh-huh . 

Uh , when they asked us did , did we want to , uh , keep it the same or , uh , spend more , spend less , I think -- Yeah . -- uh , I think right now what they 're spending is adequate . Uh-huh . Uh , my , for my personal opinion . Uh-huh . Uh , because I think it 's something that 's going to take them a while to come up with a , uh , vaccine for . 

I do n't think it 's going to be that easy to come up with -- Yeah . -- or I think they already would have by now , you know . Uh-huh . And , uh , so I do n't know if , if spending a lot more money would really make any difference right now . I think they 're doing the , is as much research as they can possibly do , you know . Uh-huh . And , uh , what about you ? 

Well , I guess I 'm not too aware of how much they 're spending right now . I 'm not either . You know . I 'm definitely not aware of how much . Yeah . Uh , that 's something I 've never really kept up with at all . Uh-huh , yeah . Uh , I do n't , I mean , I , go ahead . I 'm not sure , uh , I know , uh , I 've always thought more about the disease rather than the der- , research , 

you know what I mean ? Uh-huh . Yeah . And , uh , that sort of thing . Uh , if , if we were talking about the money , uh , I 'd just have to say what they 're spending is probably enough , simply because I do n't know that much about it . Yeah . You know . Yeah . I mean , I , I can see that research is needed and , you know , Oh , yeah . Definitely . I think so , I think so . I mean it 's becoming a major problem . Yeah . But , uh . Yeah . I guess the area that I think more about is I would like to see them focus on , uh , preventing it , uh -- Yeah . -- in more , Well , that 's true . That 's true -- You know . -- because , uh , it 's a , such an easily preventable disease . Right , and I , Uh , I feel like just saying , uh , safe sex is not the answer . It 's -- No . -- it 's , uh -- It 's definitely not . -- abstinence in certain cases and , That 's true , that 's true . Yeah . Uh , And , knowing , you know , Myself , uh , uh , I 'm just recently , or about to , get a divorce -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , course , I 'm not all ready to just run out there and start dating everybody I can or anything . Yeah . But , it 's sort of scary to find yourself single again , you know . Uh-huh . And , uh , because you never know what 's going to happen . You do n't know who you 're going to come across , you know . Yeah . Course , it 's , it 's not that I 'm wanting to , I 'm not going to want to go and have sex with everybody I see . Uh-huh . But it 's something you got to think about these days . Yeah . A single person . Uh-huh . You know , and , uh , I mean , it certainly changed my attitude about that -- Yeah . -- in a hurry . Yeah . And , uh , I think for a lot of people it has . Certainly . So , Yeah . So , But , uh , uh , I know that , uh , in some of these larger cities they 're passing out free syringes and all of that sort of thing -- Uh-huh . -- to prevent , you know , so that , uh , the drug addicts -- Drug addicts . -- wo n't be -- Uh-huh . -- getting dirty needles and everything . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know , I do n't think that 's a bad idea . Uh-huh . I know it , uh , sort of does n't address the problem of drug addiction . Yeah . It just sort of keeps that going . Yeah . But , uh , I do n't know , at least drug addiction can be treated whereas AIDS , so far , can not be . Uh-huh . You know , so , I do n't know , that , I think that 's , I 'm not too a- , much against the , the passing out of the free syringes myself . Uh-huh . I do n't know , what do you think about that ? Well , yeah , boy -- -- that 's a hard issue . It really is . It really is . It really is . They gave us a hard topic . Yeah . I mean , I , I definitely think that it 's the drug problem that needs to be addressed , but as you say , uh , people , I mean , in the meantime , well -- Uh-huh . -- someone who 's not ready to give up drugs , uh , That 's true . You know . That 's true . If they 're perp , perpetrating the AIDS problem , passing that on to each other , then -- Yeah . -- you know , You know , I guess if you consider the two problems , drug addiction and AIDS -- Yeah . -- AIDS would have to come first , I guess , as far as -- Yeah . -- something to , to do about it . Uh-huh . So , so I do n't know . Uh , course , there 's so many things in the world where , if you solve one problem , you may be creating another , you know . Yeah . And , uh , so I guess you just have to take the two problems and see which is worse . Yeah . Which is the most important to solve at the time and , Uh-huh . I do n't know . Yeah . But , uh , but I 've never looked into how much money they 're spending . I have , I have no idea . Uh-huh . And I know a lot of our tax money goes to that . Yeah . But , uh , I really have never looked into it . I have no idea . Yeah , I have n't either . I 've heard , you know , uh -- Yeah . -- different voices -- Yeah . -- speaking up and saying we 're not spending enough and , Right , sure . Mostly that 's what I 've heard , so I do n't know , Yeah . And , yet , I know it 's , uh , it sounds like big money to me . Yeah -- But it -- -- I think it is . -- probably takes -- I think it is . -- a lot . Yeah , it does every , So , It seems to take more than , uh , for any little thing they do , it seems to take a lot more money that you would think it would . Uh-huh . You know . Yeah . But , uh , Did you have any fear working in the hospital with that , That 's one thing I 've never really feared . Uh-huh . Uh , uh , I , a lot of the , my family , you know , they fear me working like that and , under some , some of those conditions , but , uh -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I do n't fear it at all . Uh-huh . Uh , I work in , in the operating room a lot -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , and , of course , when w , 