Supposed to talk about boats . Have you got a boat ? No , I do n't , do you ? No , I do n't . I , I 've had one for quite a few years , but I , I 've not had one the last couple of years . Oh , really ? But , it 's something I 've always enjoyed . Do you , do you like -- Yeah , I love them . -- boating ? Yeah , but , uh , my children all have been grown for a coup- , few years and we were using it less and less and less , so we decided to sell it . 

And , Well , I heard , that 's the second happiest day of your life , . What 's that ? The day you sell your boat . Oh , no , now I loved having a boat . I loved having it . No , No , I just heard that . That 's just a joke , I guess . Oh , okay . First best day is the day you get and the day you get rid of it but , Oh , yeah . I 'd like to have one . I just do n't know if I 'd have the time to use it . Yeah , guy just , you know , he needs his weekends free , or -- Yeah . -- to be able to use it or a day during the week or something , but , but , no I guess for the cost of them you do n't really , it 's hard to get , I do n't know , I felt like I got my money 's worth out of mine . I had bought it used and kept it , , uh , I do n't know , ten years and got within , uh , three hundred dollars of what , when I sold it , of what I 'd paid for it and had it all those years , you know . Uh-huh . So they hold their , you take care of them , they hold their value real well . Really ? So , you know , you could n't complain about that . Did you go fishing ? No , no , it was a , uh , big boat , big ski boat type thing . Oh , okay . I had a hundred , hundred sixty horse , uh , Murcruiser in it . Oh , wow . Inboard outboard . Oh , I did fish out of it occasionally , but I 'm not too much of a fisherman . Really ? And , uh , but I -- Yeah , I like to fish . -- but I did enjoy owning a boat , would recommend it to anybody . And , uh , uh , , but , uh , and now sailing , I 've never been sailing . Have you been sailing ? Uh , yeah , I 've sailed some . I just like , uh , fourteen foot Sunfish . Uh-huh . Nothing big . I 've never tried . I 've always thought , I bet that would be more fun . But I 'd want to be with a skilled sailor . Yeah , really . But it , Well , they offer classes out at , uh , Ray Hubbard . Yeah , well , I , I 've always thought I 'd like to . I 've never wanted to bad enough to make any effort to do it , you know . Yeah . And , at this stage of the game , I 'm not that interested in it anymore . Oh , okay . We go out with friends on the , we go to the lake just about every weekend down at Mount Vernon and -- Okay . -- parents ' next door neighbors have a big barge and we go out and take them out on their barge . They 're getting kind of old and they like us to take them out on their barge quite often , so we -- Oh , that 's nice . -- we get out on the water occasionally , you know . Yeah . But , uh , uh , anyway , it 's , it 's , it 's fun . I , I do enjoy the lake , but , uh , once the children were grown , and we 'd go down there and I 'd get the boat out on the , you know , Saturday , and we 'd go for a ride and enjoy it so much . It 's such a pretty lake down there . We 'd enjoy it so much and , I 'd say , well , I 'm going to leave the boat out , because , uh , we 'll probably do this again tomorrow . It got to where the , tomorrow the boat was still sitting there and we never did go out again and I 'd have to go load it up the next day . And , Where is that ? Uh , Mount Vernon . Yeah . Cypress Springs , Cypress Cr- , Creek Springs . Okay , that 's south of here ? Yeah , it 's down at Mount Vernon . Okay . It 's probably the prettiest lake in the state of Texas . Really ? Yeah , it 's just a hundred miles from here . Huh . What do you take , I Thirty-five ? No , you go down I , uh , uh , you , uh , you go down , uh , yeah , thirty , thirty . Thirty . It 's east of here . Oh , okay . East of here . Hundred miles due east of here . All right . And , uh , Yeah , it just , we just moved down here a couple years ago , so , Did you ? Where did you all move from ? Colorado Springs . Oh , did you ? Yeah . How are you liking it ? Oh , we love it up there . Well , good . That 's where I grew up . Yeah . So , Uh-huh . But , uh , we 're , we like it down here pretty good . Oh , I think you 'll like it better , but , of course it 's hard when you do n't have any family around . Yeah , especial- , we got two kids that are -- Yeah . -- under two and -- Uh-huh . -- it 's kind of tough when my folks call and they want to see them . Yes , it 's hard on the f- , your folks , too , I know . They 're all , yours and your wife 's folks still live in Colorado ? Yeah . Uh-huh . So , Uh , there are supposed to be , uh , some people f- , moving down here from Colorado Springs for T I . Oh , really ? Yeah , supposed to be . Yeah , that 's right . Uh , Do you work at T I ? I do n't , no . Uh-huh . Uh , a friend of mine 's dad is , was a program manager up there -- Uh-huh . -- and he just moved down here to Mc- , what do you , I guess it 's , he 's working in McKinney . Uh-huh . Yeah , I do n't either . My wife does . Okay . But , it 's a good company . But , anyway , we 're supposed to be talking about boats , so back to boats . So , tell me the last time you went for a boat ride . Well , actually , I went , uh , canoeing down the Brazos this weekend . Oh , my gosh , now that had to be , that 's boating . That had to have been fun . It was fun , it was fun . 