All right , this is easy for me since I , And me too , because I eat out a lot . Yeah , well I travel , I do about forty percent of my time is on the road . So you eat all your meals out . I eat a lot of meals out , well I 'm also married and my wife is an A one cook , but she enjoys eating out , so I have to share it with her . And , uh , actually it 's very easy for me , because I , I have a prac- , make it a practice when I am out , 

I eat differently than what I could eat at home or around here . Sure . So , I look for just about anything , and it 's , it 's , uh , it 's a lot of fun . 

I do n't have to worry , really worry too much about price considerations because I , you know , I was going to ask you , could you go to , you know , nice places , and , Oh , sure , yeah , and it 's , it 's really great . I , I , I like different types of food . So where are your , what are the places , you know , memorable places you 've eaten ? Uh , oh you na- , okay you name it . Let 's see , you 've got one down in , uh , down near , uh , Addison , uh , there 's two restaurants that I particularly like that I , every time I get into Texas or I get into Atlanta , Georgia , I make sure I go , and that 's Houston 's . Oh , Houston 's , uh-huh . Yep , okay . It 's a great place . It 's , it 's great . There 's a , a restaurant in , um , right outside of Reading , Pennsylvania , it 's called Alfredo 's -- Uh-huh . -- that does not look like a restaurant that you would really want to recommend to a lot of people . But it is fab , fantastic . Uh , there 's a restaurant , and I do n't recall the name of it , uh , in , uh , Panama City . Of course , not too many people want to rush back to Panama City , uh , Panama , the country , uh , Panama . Oh , okay , because I was thinking , well , I , I grew up in Panama City . No this is the country -- I get it . -- this is the country Panama , all right ? Right . And , uh , but I have gotten to quite a few . And I go to Canada and get quite a few restaurants up there . I , you know , and I know the locations , and I know the places , but I , lot of times I do n't remember the names . I 'd have to go back through some expense reports . Uh-huh . But particularly , down in your area , I 'm looking for some , some more restaurants . So , I , you know , I do n't know what 's , what 's down there , Do you like Mexican ? the ones out in Addison . Do you like Mexican food . Not particularly -- Oh . -- that 's one of the few , why , which one were you going to recommend ? Well , I mean , there 's so many places here , you know , there 's just , it 's just lots of good Mexican restaurants here . Uh-huh . But in the Addison , well about everything that you could want in Dallas is in the Addison area , anyway . Right . I mean , now there 's a new Italian place Sfuzi -- Okay , I have a , -- that has a great , I 've not been there , but it has a great reputation as one of the best restaurants in Dallas , and now there 's one in Addison . Okay , let , I 'm , I 'm writing it down . It 's F , S it 's S F U Z I . Okay . And it 's on , it 's in Addison , and it 's a great place . Also a great place that they have like Cajun food is Copelands . I 've been there . Now I really like Copelands . Okay , I 've been there . Um , one down there is the , uh , I think it 's an old schoolhouse . Oh , the , yeah , the , I know , no , I do n't like that place . Well , I like the food , but I do n't care for the clowning around . See , uh , uh , yeah , I , I , when I went , I thought the food was not good . Oh , really ? Oh I 've had , Magic Time Machine is the place you 're thinking of , That 's it , that 's it . I 've had excellent food there . See , I , when I went , I thought , the people drove me crazy -- True . -- first of all -- True . -- but then I just thought the food was over priced for what it was . Uh-huh . Yeah , all right , well , that 's great . Uh , no , Italian is fine . I make it a habit of always going out to Pasta Oggi 's which is right down there in Ad- , Do you like , like Southwestern ? Oh , yeah . Well , now there 's a good place in Addison too called Blue Mesa Grill -- All right . -- that 's on Belt Line that 's close to Houston 's , as a matter of fact . Really ? And , um , it 's great , I mean , their , they have , I think , sometimes I 've been when I thought , Well , it was n't as good , but I went there recently , and I thought , Well , this really is good . Uh-huh . So that 's , that 's a very good place to eat , The Blue Mesa Grill . Good . And , um , Well , this is great . This is going to give me -- A whole new , -- some more places to go . dining experience . Okay , fine . I guess our time 's about up , so . Well , they have n't beeped us , have they ? Uh , well , they do n't always . Oh , I thought sometimes they say , you know -- Yeah , I -- -- this is three minutes or whatever . -- they 've been doing that when , uh , the circuits are busy -- Oh , okay . -- and other than that , they , you know , leave you go about five minutes , and then , that , that 's about it . I guess that 's what they need for their machines to get everything down pat , so . Okay , It was a pleasure talking to you . Well , thanks for calling -- Okay . -- for helping us out . You bet , Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 