Uh , anyway , we 're supposed to talk about recycling . Basically , what , what your personal opinion is on it . Uh , this is , this is really for a speech research project they 're doing so , uh , I do n't know . Florida is pretty good about recycling is n't it ? Well , they just kicked it off down here in , in Sarasota county . Oh , they did ? Uh , they had been doing it , they started first in Sarasota City . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , which makes up a pretty small portion of the county actually . 

Yeah . And , uh , they 've got these , I do n't know what , if you 're familiar with Sarasota county at all . Not quite , no . They 've got these , wh- , it 's , it 's county wide program now . Uh-huh . And what they 've done is they 've broken everything down into garbage . Uh , yard trash . Uh-huh . Plastic , cr- , cans and glass . Okay . And then , uh , paper . Okay . Which , in the paper , it 's just , uh , newspaper and corrugated cardboard . Yeah . Is the only thing you 're supposed to put in there . Okay . No slicks . Uh , Oh , that 's , that 's good . Let me ask you this . Do they require you to presort it ? Yeah . Okay . See that 's something in Minneapolis they 're really strict on . In terms of you got to put everything in its own little bag and really presort it really , you know , tightly . But when I lived in Orlando , it 's like you could put almost anything in there -- Uh-huh . -- and they 'd just sort it out for you . Yeah . Yeah . It was really pretty good if you 're lazy like I am , 

so . Yeah , right . Well , you know , uh , I talked to this girl who , uh , she 's a , an s- , an acquaintance of mine and , and she 's involved with , uh , oh , what is the name of that company . It 's not Amway 

but it 's the other big vitamin company ? Shaklee . Oh , okay , yeah . Okay . And , uh , and , and she 's just Shaklee crazy , you know , because it 's her business and everything . And , uh , you know , and she asked , we were talking one day and , and she asked me a couple of questions , you know . And she , and , and what she said that , that generally , the problems that people have with being environmentally conscious is number one , they do n't want it to change their lifestyle -- Yeah . -- and , and like , you know , especially make it anymore complicated or any extra work or anything . Which that 's , that 's what recycling at home sorting does , you know . Right . I mean it 's a little extra work . Uh-huh . And , uh , it can actually turn out to be a lot of extra work because what they do , what -- It can , yeah . -- they do here in Sarasota county is they 've got , okay , you put your garbage in a garbage bag and you set it out by the curb . Right . If you have yard trash , you put your yard trash in some kind of container . Uh , or you can have bundles up to a certain weight , and cer , certain dimensions , tie them up and -- Yeah , you got to tie them up and everything . -- put them by the curb . Well , the plastic , cans and glass , they give you this little tub and it 's about a foot and a half deep and it 's about one by one and a half foot wide and long . Right . This is a little container . Uh-huh . And then they have another one the same size . That one 's red . Then they have a blue one the same size for the paper goods . Uh-huh . And , so , like , you know , you would have to rinse out your pop cans . Otherwise you got bees and ants and -- Exactly . -- you know , and , and if you 've got , uh , food containers or anything like that , it 's a big problem . It is , you know , a big -- So not only do you -- -- hassle . -- yeah . Yeah , that 's true . I mean , up here , they give you one , one of those containers and you put everything in it . Uh-huh . So it 's like , if , if you use a lot of stuff , you , it 's like well you know , if you 're a partying kind of guy and you drink , you know , like a couple of twelve packs , maybe , over the weekend -- Uh-huh . -- it 's going to be hard pressed to p , to put all your recyclables in that one -- This is true . -- place , you know . So it 's -- This is true . -- kind of a pain in the butt . But , uh , I do n't know . That 's definitely one thing they could do to make it easier is to just , you know . You have , have those garbage people that make , how every many , make tw- , twenty , thirty bucks an hour , have them do a little bit of the sorting . Uh-huh . You know . And , and maybe come up with a better system . Make it a little more convenient . But , Yeah , they 've got these large garbage cans that you can rent from the waste management company here . Yeah . Uh , if you want to have a nice garbage can , you know . And it 's on wheels and it 's big . Oh , you can actually rent those ? Yeah . Okay . That 's interesting . Yeah -- Yeah . -- up here the , the city provides them . Kind of like , I think in , I think in the city they do but out here in the county you have to rent them . Oh , okay MUMBLEx . And they just add it on to your water bill or something . So where exactly are you in terms of , of , like , Sarasota ? Are you north of Sarasota or , East of Sarasota . East , okay . Uh-huh . And Sarasota is on the west coast ? Yeah . Okay . Like south of Tampa , right ? Yeah . Okay . I 'm , Yeah . About an hour . Yeah , that 's , About an hour south of Tampa . Okay . Uh , yeah , well . I listen to this talk radio station down here and it 's really , th- , they , I do n't if you ever listen to talk radio but -- Um , occasionally . -- those guys , they just kind of get into , to s , s , stewing up trouble , you know . Yeah . With the callers and things like that . But they get into some really good conversations sometimes , you know . And some of it , sometimes it 's serious and they have some good feedback and all that stuff and -- Yeah . -- from listening to that , I kind of got an idea that I thought would be good with and this kind of fits into the , uh , the aid program , the welfare program that 's going on right now . Uh-huh . And it 's like , uh , 