Hi . Hi , uh , as a matter of fact this past weekend , since we had a long weekend , I , uh , took on a painting project in my bathroom and I had wallpaper up , I had to completely strip the wallpaper off and then spackle holes and then paint that and it took me all weekend because , uh , the wallpaper , getting it off , I had to wet the walls down and that had to dry . And then the spackling had to dry a day 

and then the painting took another day . You did n't try re , rewallpapering ? You just , uh , No . I , I just painted . Did you use a textured paint or , Uh , no . Actually , the wall behind the paper was smooth so , I just used a , like a semigloss . Um . And , Well , did you get good results ? Well , no , not really . I need to , 

it , it looks so , bad you can see where those spackling marks were . Yeah . I need to , uh , either paper back over it or do something . But it just did n't , it did n't , it did n't cover it ? Yeah . It covered the spots pretty good but it did n't , excuse me , it did n't , uh , uh , it just did n't look as smooth as I wanted it to . Well , we did a , uh , we moved , oh , last August and we 're getting a house , my house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den and we decided , we went to , I 've forgotten , one of the paint stores and they just said , oh , you can get by , and I forgotten what it was you put down , and then you can just paint right over the dark . Uh-huh . Well , more or less . After about , uh , half dozen coats it looks reasonable but it kept , the , the dark it was , uh , just a real dark , uh , wood grain type paneling -- Uh-huh . -- and it was smooth and , uh , and we would , we put this stuff on and , and it supposedly textured it or did something to it and , but because of the b- , dark behind it , it was really hard to cover and , Was it like a primer ? Yeah . It was something like that , although , we sort of , when we got through I wished we had n't done it because we were , you know , we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it and we were painting it and trying to do , uh , you know , make it , and it , it really was , you know , the advice they give you is , uh , the job was considerably tougher than we thought . Yeah . Uh , particularly when you try to , I was talking to somebody else who , who had a lot of wood panelling and , uh , they had gotten somebody to come in with an estimate and it seemed like there was , it was a good sized den with a lot panelling and the people quoted thirty thousand dollars to paint it or something . Oh , my goodness , that 's an awful lot . Have you , have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted ? Not inside . Now , uh , when we bought the house that we live in right now we had a company that came out and painted it . That was one of the requirements from , you know , F H A -- Yeah . -- that the house be painted before we bought it and it was fairly reasonable . We have a brick house but all the trim -- Yeah . -- around the house was , uh , if I remember right , it was like five hundred dollars . Oh , that 's quite reasonable . Yeah . Yeah . MUMBLEx . so that was n't too bad . Um , problem i , have you , have you tried matching paint lately ? No , I have n't . My wife , we , we built a shed over the long way , actually , it took , this is not on the topic but I did finish it . But my wife went to the , uh , Home Depot , I think it was , and , and took a , uh , a copy , took a piece of brick -- Uh-huh . -- and she wanted to paint the shed it 's , it 's a wooden shed , uh , and she took it and they 've got this machine that matches the color of paint . Uh-huh . And , uh , they got , and , uh , and , in fact she put some right ba- , she got , they mixed , uh , a gallon of it and , uh , it 's just remarkable how close it will match the paint , uh , and it does it , uh , oh , electronically some , something , Oh , so , magic . they did do a good job ? Yeah , you know , they , but it 's electronic . Yeah . Uh , you put your sample under this thing and it looks at it in- , and , uh , and determines the , and it , it 's really remarkable . Uh , the problem they had and then they wanted some gray to do the , to do the trim . Uh-huh . And , uh , but they did n't , did n't occur to them that , um , that they could have taken a sample -- Uh-huh . -- um , from , I forgotten , this is Sherwin Williams Paint or something but anyway . It 's , it 's remarkable . That 's one of the problems though when you start painting to try to get the , you know , you want this , you want this to look like this and you want that to look like that and , Uh-huh . of course , if it 's all white you 're all right but when you start getting into colors , have you had problems getting colors to match ? Yeah . Yeah . As a matter of fact , uh , what we 've got ours painted now is kind of a light creamy color and a , uh , a blue and the blue , even so many years , two years later or so it does n't match , Um . you know , So , it 's the very same type of paint and everything , Gosh . So , So you , so what 's your , what 's the solution then ? Oh , I have no idea . I repainted the whole thing . Oh , my . Well , at least you 'll get very good at it , right ? Yeah . You could go back and , and paint , Yeah . the whole thing over that 's , uh , this is an interesting topic that they would bring up painting because it , uh , it seems like everybody has a , you know , to go in and do , I 'll just do a little bit here and a little there . Yeah . Although , the , uh , it 's uh , it , we almost one day , we painted the house to , uh , we painted , we painted the whole inside and it had all this dark trim . We thought , uh , you know , we did the one wall but the other trim , I 'm trying to think , I think , I think we left most of it because it gets to be , uh , they do n't do that in the newer houses now we do n't , Yeah . the mold , MUMBLEx . everything is white . In a new house everything is white . White , yeah . That 's what we 're trying to get ours to look like . Oh , good luck . We wound up selling the house . Yeah . Actually , I , I do n't know whether it made , actually it does , it 's interesting that the white , um , makes the rooms look bigger . One of the , in our down stairs in our dining room we have a formal dining room , it has molding , uh , like picture frames , I do n't know what you call that -- Uh-huh . -- that actually , that are along the walls , you know , up a couple of feet . Uh-huh . And my wife painted those , the insides of those dark blue . Oh , I see . And , uh , it makes the room look remarkably smaller . Huh . She painted the insides dark blue and then the trim , The trim , what color ? is still white . Okay . The , White . the molding -- Uh-huh . -- but by , and she did that all the way around the room which makes it look very attractive , Yeah . but it makes the room look smaller which is , uh -- Yeah . -- uh , which is , it explains why they , why they have everything white but I , Yeah . you would n't think that I , well , maybe , Yeah . maybe that understands colors would know all of that stuff but , Well , uh , what about the lighting ? Did it make a big difference ? Uh , not particularly because the house has so many windows -- Oh , uh-huh . -- uh , it has the , the , the living room has four , uh , good size windows and , uh , well , of course , at night but with the , we have , we have a soccer field -- Uh-huh . -- that 's , um , oh , about a hundred yards from our house and the lights shine right at our house . It 's kind of , we did n't know that when we bought the house but , So that , uh , you get some , the color does n't really matter for , because you have that light . Yeah . We have a lot of light , yeah . And , well , it , it , it , um , well , it 's just , uh , I think it 's just the , the , the dark blue to about three feet and then above that we left it white so . Anyway , it did n't , I see . it did n't change but the , the interesting thing is that paint we wound up having to go back and scrape some of that away it did n't , it kind of bled under the masking tape which , I guess , is probably the topic we 're -- Uh-huh . -- we 're really on to that , that the masking is , you have to do that very , very carefully . And it takes a long time , That 's right . You can work yourself to death . Well , I 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend . Yeah . Really , no kidding . It 's kind of frustrating . It is . A lot of work , a lot of work . Well , I 've got to go to a meeting . It 's been good talking to you . Nice talking to you . Okay . Good-bye . Bye . 