Okay . Well , let 's see , well , we keep our paper , paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and , glass and , uh , plastics and , uh , we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they 're full . I guess we collect m- , milk cartons and whatever p- , other plastics are acceptable . 

Are you in the part of town where , uh , they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling ? No , no , I did n't think that anybody had those at all yet . Well , maybe they do n't . I , I know that was supposed to be in May and I could n't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was , was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were . Right . Well , no , I have n't seen any , so I , I thought that it all , had all been delayed several times . So I have no idea what they look like and , I 'm -- Yeah , th- , -- kind of anxious to see them . That 's going to be interesting because it 's , uh , we 've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is , uh , I look at our big green containers , and I say , well , they work fine and I keep mine outside the garage so that I do n't have any odors 

but -- Oh , right . -- it 's clearly a place where , uh , uh , it will be interesting to see how well that works and I am , I 'm glad the community is doing it . Uh , it 's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people . Uh , I do n't know if , where you grew up in your , what you saw back , uh , years ago , but for me the thing that strikes me is I , uh , growing up in rural South Dakota where , hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery -- Right . -- would candle them and package them is that , uh , in the fifties , uh , you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now . Right . Which was all the milk bottles were glass and you got a nickel or dime , which in that time was a lot of money , when you returned them . Pop bottles -- Oh . -- all had a deposit on them . Oh , of course . That , they did . 

You know actually , we had milk delivered to our house -- Oh . -- in glass bottles and we had a milk shoot at the side of the house . Uh-huh . You could just leave the milkman a note -- Yeah . -- on what you needed and so you just put the empty ones back out there 

and he took them away and put , you know , put another gallon of glass , glass bottle in there . Yeah . So , uh , yeah , So , uh , you know , I look back at , at , uh , my childhood and I 'd say , you know , they were doing things then that we should be doing now and so it does n't bother me at all that we 're , we 're , uh , kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this , uh , throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies . Right , right , it would be nice , it would be nice to see it take a good turn here . It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away so I hope that this time it , it stays . 

Just , Yeah . To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing . So , uh , you know , we , when we go dump , actually when we go dump our things , oh , we collect newspapers , too , and then take them , seems like there 's a pretty well , there 's a p- , pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics -- Uh-huh . -- so that 's kind of encouraging . I did n't know , you know , I did n't know if we started to do that . I did n't know what to expect . Yeah , 

well I 'll have to say I 'm , I 'm , the only one I 'm good at at this point is the newspaper . Uh , taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans -- Right . -- uh , getting rid of those , but on the plastic , I have , uh , I do n't have any habits there yet and I 'm , guess I 'm waiting for the city to , to push me in that direction but , Well , I guess they will shortly . I , uh , But , it just seems like on the larger scale that , you know , the , we always talk about in our society is that economic strife things and I think if , uh , if we just start to put , you know , the nickel deposit on things , like , uh , was the case years ago that , uh , it would have more immediate effect , uh , than , because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money -- Oh , right . -- and it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window 

and so outside my little town , we would , uh , go out and -- Yeah . -- look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something . Right . Do you know , I saw in Tom Thumb yesterday , I saw the return to the , uh , the small Coke bottles . Yeah . And I do n't know if there 's a deposit on those or not . I , well that 's interesting because , they 're back to glass , you 're saying ? They were glass , they were the glass , uh , well , let 's see , they 'd be , I do n't know , maybe ten ounce or -- Uh-huh . -- six ounce or ten ounce . Yeah . Sort of a small size , sort of a small size and , and we , anyway we just , we did n't stop and look them , look at them a long time but , and they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down , you know , uh -- Uh-huh . -- sort of , sort of a basket -- The carton . -- type thing . The paper carton . Right , right , so , I had n't seen that in a long time . Yeah . Well , I mean the , you really look and say a lot of the things we need to do , we were doing and we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons , the wood , uh , racks which now , basically , you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold , uh , twenty-four bottles . And , and , uh , uh , I 'm not really say going back to good old days , but certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now . Yeah , yeah , well , Well , it will be interesting to see how , over the next year , this all works out because , like on the , uh , grass , I 'm , I know your husband , uh , does n't really like the paper sacks . No , he does n't like the paper sacks and , uh , but he , but , you know , he likes to pick the grass up , too . He does n't , Yeah . Does n't , I 'm the , I 'm the same way because otherwise , uh , oh , I 'm , I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal , uh , Neal 's a person who says , I like to pick it up but I do n't believe in throwing it into the , uh , the landfill , so I have my compost pile , but most of us do n't have the , uh , sufficient , lot size to , uh , to do that . Right , right . Uh , so I 'm glad the city 's willing to take that on . That 's nice . I guess they dump it the same place , I wonder where they dump that . Well , there 's someplace , you know , if it 's , because really , when I look at what my grass does in , in actually about twenty-four hours , uh , knowing what the farmers do in rural areas , they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally , uh , composts or stores and , uh , so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it and it will naturally decompose , uh , so you just have to kind of keep in separated and then , uh , who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into , but it 's certainly usable material . Yeah , yeah , well they must , they must keep it separate if they have this date in . Uh-huh . They have this day now , that it 's , you know , separate from the other trash pick up . Right . But , I , the thing I do n't understand about that is , like when , it 's one thing to send grass there , but I 've trimmed trees and other things which , uh , end up being something that , clearly wo n't decompose nearly as rapidly , No . 