Why do n't you go ahead and say what you feel , and then I 'll respond . All right . Well , I 'm , uh , I 'm very guilty of , of not doing my part with recycling , I 'm afraid . We , um , recently moved here from North Carolina , and they had curbside recycling , and it was very easy to , you know , to put everything out there , but we do n't have it in , at least in our neighborhood right now -- Yeah . -- and , uh , so , I 've been very guilty about not making the effort to , to take things where take things where they belong . Well , how long have you been here ? Well , we 've been here since January , so -- 

Well , -- we , we still feel very new , but , uh -- Yeah . -- it 's working up to a year now , so , I guess we 're old timers compared to some people . Yeah , I think that 's a good excuse . You need to get into the -- Right . 

-- the system a little more and know where to take things . Yeah . We 've been here probably two and a half years , and , and we did n't recycle at all before we came -- Uh-huh . -- so I think we 're doing well . We , we save most of our aluminum cans and glass -- Uh-huh . -- and newspaper right now . Well , where do you take those things ? Well , the , um , glass and the newspaper we usually take to Walmart . 

They have , um , in behind Walmart they have bins -- Uh-huh . -- and then we usually save up our cans and , and change them in for money . Well , where do you do that , 

because we 've been saving cans for my daughter 's choir -- Uh-huh . -- um , but I did n't know where to take them . Um , there 's a place on Parker Road , um , it 's just over the overpass before you get like to K-Mart . I think there 's a , a service station there . There 's usually a semi truck that has a , a person there that will weigh them and , Oh . Now they are n't worth much right now , but -- Yeah . -- it 's better than nothing , so -- Better than nothing , right . -- and what I hear a lot of neighborhoods do have the , the pickup now , 

and we , hopefully we 'll be getting them in the month of October . Yeah , I , it seems like ever since we 've moved here we 've been hearing that , you know -- Yeah , and , -- it 's coming in a couple of months , but . I think it 's been delayed . I think it was originally scheduled for February , but the trucks that were supposed to do it , there 's been some problems with -- Oh . -- from what I 've read in , you know , the mail that we get -- Right . -- and I ca n't wait for that , that will be easy . 

I get tired of newspaper littering the garage . Yeah , it gets to be a bit much to haul it off , but . I feel guilty we do n't recycle our , our milk containers because they seem like a big waste . Well , they , yeah they , they 're a lot of bulk , anyway -- Yeah -- -- yeah . -- yeah , they fill up the whole kitchen garbage can -- Right . -- so , I 'll be glad when the bins do come , and I think that 's when I 'll , I 'll start doing the plastic , too . Yeah , it was real easy with the bins , it really was , it was just no effort at all , um , no more trouble than taking out the garbage , 

so , um , Yeah . I 've gotten used to washing the , you know , the , um , salad dressing bottles and -- Right . -- things like that , it 's not that big of a deal , and it 's nicer to just throw them out , but we can do our part -- Yeah . -- take an extra minute or two . Well , how much do you earn on the cans , I , I did n't know ho- , what kind of an idea to give her for , Oh , when we first were , were here , it was like we 'd take maybe a , oh , a grocery sack full or -- Uh-huh . -- maybe two grocery sacks full , and it would be like two dollars -- Yeah . 

-- but since last time we 've gotten more like a dollar . So it 's gone down . Yeah -- Yeah , -- which is understandable , I think , more people are -- Right . -- are recycling . Yeah . That 's something we , we do n't really make any effort to , and whatever pop we drink , we used to take the boys out for a bike ride , and pick up the litter , you know , the , the cans -- Uh-huh . -- and that was kind of fun , but we have n't done that for a long time -- Yeah . -- so . Well , that sounds like a pretty good project . Well , the boys think it 's fun , plus you get your exercise and , you do get to stop once in a while when there is a can to rest , so -- Oh . -- but . Well , I 'll have to keep myself and , and ge- , get on it . My neighbor across the street , um , is so careful about recycling , and so I keep telling myself , I 'll , I 'll get it organized , but , may , maybe they 'll beat me and , and do the city wide first . Well , hopefully the bins will be here in this month and that will spur you on , so . Right , right , I wo n't have any excuse then , that 's for sure . All right , well , it sounds like we 're doing our part and at least starting , Thinking about it , anyway . Trying that 's all you can do -- Yeah , but , -- so . Well , um , have you , do they time this thing for us , or do we , Um , yeah , you can do it as long as you want . They , you know , if it 's been long enough , five minutes is , is when they cut in and say , say , we do n't have any more room for recording . You ca n't chat all day , huh . So -- Okay . -- we can say good-bye now . It was good talking to you , and maybe we 'll get on line again . Okay . Thanks , Sherry . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 