Hi , how are you today ? I 'm great . Good . Well as a matter of fact I 'm , before we started this conversation I was working on my P C at home . Yeah . Do you have one ? No , I do n't have one at home . I work with one on , at work -- Yeah . -- continually , you know , but I do not have one of my own at home . Do you have , What do you have , at home ? We have an , um , actually it 's a T I computer , but it is the I B M -- Uh-huh . -- um , clone . It 's not the T I P C -- Right . -- from back when . 

From the oldies but the goodies . Right . It 's probably pretty close to what I have , because I have the same kind of thing at work . I have a three eighty-six S X which is T I computer , but everything in , is in I B M mode . So . Yeah , that 's what we have . Um . Do you use it a lot at home ? Well , I really do . I , um , am an accountant and , Uh-huh . but I work at home . Uh-huh . So you 're on it a lot . 

So I use it for that quite often . Uh-huh . We have , you know , used some of it for some personal things . We keep track of personal budgets and things like that on it . I , since it 's tax season , I 'm doing a lot of taxes , so I do a lot of , um , a lot of that work on it as well . I was amazed when I took our taxes to our tax person and she works out of her home also . 

Uh-huh . And the , uh , software that does the taxes is just incredible . Oh it is . You know , I mean , she just , you know , I expected to go and , you know , drop the stuff off and go back two weeks later . 

And , you know , she had it done and out in twenty minutes on her little P C . Yeah , you can . It was great . Yes , you can , that 's right . That 's wonderful . I have often thought that , that having one at home would be neat . I just do n't know if we would really use it that much . You know . We really , we deci- , we did n't decide to get one until I started working at home . Uh-huh . Then , you know , then , we thought , well we can use it for , you know , some personal things . We di- , 

for us it really took , you know , a business application -- Uh-huh . -- to justify the expense of it . Oh , definitely , definitely . I know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer , oh , I guess , probably three years ago for Christmas , and , you know , it 's got some stuff on it . It 's got a nice little word processing software on it , you know , and some budgeting type things and stuff . And I do n't think she 's ever touched it -- Really . -- you know . It just , it just seems like a lot of trouble for something at home . You know , she always seems to have better things to do than to try to sit down and figure out how to use her computer you know . So . Right . She could just as easily do those things by hand . Yeah , just as quickly . 

Yeah . Now I know my boss has bought the software , um , that he can , that his checkbook is on , on -- Uh-huh . -- on a disk , and he goes in and prin , and types his checks on the screen and then hits print , and they print out on the checks , 

and he 's ordered envelopes with the windows in the right places -- Oh my gosh . -- you know , and he just whips , out , you know , I saw him yesterday morning over there , and , and he paid his monthly bills , and he just , you know , wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print and it printed out like ten checks , and he just , you know , they 're perforated , and he just ripped them off . 

They go through just a continuous thing on the printer -- Right . -- and he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes and there they went . You know , and he said , you know , I can balance my checkbook in seconds , you know -- Right . -- because it 's all in the computer , you know . So . And you know there 's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make . That 's exactly why . He said , you know , he said , used to be I always sat looking for those , you know . He said this way there is n't any . You know , it does it for you . So . This , you know , there are some definitely , some , some advantages to it . It 's just a matter of , like you say , are the advantages , does it justify the cost , if you 're using it strictly for personal business . 

So . Right . I , I think in most cases I 'd have to say no . Not unless somebody really enjoys it . Right . Or perhaps is using it for education . I have a four year old son , and we have some education programs that he likes . A little Sesame Street one -- Yeah , yeah , -- and we have another one that plays music , and he really likes that one . 

As he grows up he 'll be even more and more too . That 's right . That 'll be great . And yeah , on , now I think about it , I guess for , for kids like , as they get older , especially now -- Uh-huh . -- when they get to junior high school , high school , and even college . I mean , my sister went to college , started about three years ago , and she had to have a , a computer . Really . I mean , it was like a necessity . Well , yeah , I . 

She could n't imagine going through college without a computer . Well I 'm going through right now . I 'm , you know , going part time in the evenings , and , you know , I do , yeah , everything has to be typed . I mean , they require it . You have to type it -- Right . -- you know , and , and so I 'm up here , you know , nights and weekends you know , working on the little p- , on the P C up here , you know , typing stuff . 

So I can see where it would be a great advantage to have one at home , you know , if you were going to school . Yeah , any more I do n't even know if they have , if a college kid would have a typewriter . Well , you , I do n't know . Probably not even , no . No , no , and they probably used to have it . I just finished a , a major research paper a couple of weeks ago , 

and I could n't imagine not having that thing on a disk -- Uh-huh . -- where I could go back in and move stuff around and change it . I , I do n't know what they used to do before they , Well , unfortunately in our family , my husband and I went through college together and then he went on and got his Master 's degree while I was working . Uh-huh . And I 'm the better typist , Uh-huh . of us , and we just had a regular old typewriter , not even a correcting one back then . Oh -- It was n't that long ago , but -- -- and you had to type all of his papers . -- I typed his Master 's papers and things on a typewriter . Oh gosh , Oh boy , to have a computer back then . 

Oh , cut your time in half at least . At least . At least . I mean , and then of course you have some changes to make , and do the whole thing over . You take out a sentence , on a computer you take it out , bleep , print it out , fine . Uh-huh . Take out a sentence on a piece of paper , You do the whole thing over . 

Right . That 's right . You know , I remember when I was working in high school , you know , I was working in an office , right after I got out of high school I continued working there for probably another year . And we did everything on a typewriter -- Oh , yeah . -- everything . But it 's amazing , you know , then , when , where , you know , someone would have you type a letter , they did it right , they did it right . 

I mean , they were , The first time . Yeah , they sit there and they go , is this really what I want to say , and you typed it and that was it , and now , you know people just send it back over and over and over and over . That 's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it 's brought about , because people do feel like , Oh well , we can just change it . Well , we 'll try this out and see what it looks like . Yeah . Yeah , 

use it as a , just a , Yeah , instead of knowing what they want to say -- Right . -- before they eve- , they just , you know , play with it , and , which in a way is nice to be able to do , but , you know , it , it gets a little out of hand sometimes . 

I 've seen it get out of hand up here , you know -- Oh yeah . -- where we 've got a secretary that sits over here that 's keeping metrics right now , and keeping up , you know , of all the letters I type , how many cha- , how many of them do I make changes on . And on each letter , what types of changes . Are they typos ? Are they because I could n't read it or people just change a , like , one word because they think it sounds better , or whatever . And , you know , she 's also keeping a percentage , you know , what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason . Uh-huh . And there 's like one week , she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed -- I believe it . -- you know , and it 's like , you know , it 's ridiculous and that was , that was the high week , 

but it 's running about seventy -- Uh-huh . -- which is still ridiculous to have to make changes to seventy percent of everything that she types . Well , it 's good that she does that , I mean , bring it to people 's attention . Well , that 's exactly right . You know , she keeps , you know keeps several weeks ' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show , you know , look , this did n't really need to be changed . 

You know , this is ridiculous and you know , changing , add this time to now . You know , I mean , that 's the kind of things , you know , that she 's keeping and showing , that , this was a big waste of time , it was a waste of paper , it was a waste , you know -- Right , -- to change something like that . So . Anyway , maybe , you know , maybe it 'll , it 'll help in some way , but I do n't know . There , there definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative . Oh I have to , Without a doubt . Without a doubt . Well , I would like to get one at home some day . We 've got a two year old son , and so , you know , some day I would like to get , even just like the video tell , or something like that , you know , just to , to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful . You know so , Especially when they 're in school , I think they would get a lot out of it . Oh , I do too , I do too . The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful , you know , that sounds like such a great idea , you know , it 'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it . So . I know , my father had a P C , and when we were in high school it was always fun . We could , um , link in , and I do n't even remember now what it was called . But you could link in and talk to other peo- , talk to people all over the country , you know . Uh-huh . And , like , you have your own little code name , you know , and you 'd type in du du du , Hi how are you , du du du , and they 'd type back and everybody , and you 'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time , and everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they 're typing it , and it was just great fun , you know , It was very expensive , because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance , you know . It was like a -- Ooh . -- long distance phone call . So , we were each limited to like twenty minutes a day , you know , so . Ooh , that still could add up . Oh it added up big . Well , you know , we , my parents were divorced and so the time we were like visiting our father in the summer time , you know , so he felt like he could splurge and let us do it . Yeah . I 'm sure we would not have been allowed to do that under normal situations , you know . But when you 're doing the guilty father complex , you know , because he 's not there to watch us grow , you can kind of get all kinds of stuff . That 's sad . Well , it was nice to talk to you . Yeah , you too . Have a , Have a nice day . You too . Bye-bye . Bye . 