Okay . I 'll let you start . Do you all keep a budget , and how do you hold to yours ? . No , I , I never keep a budget . My budget or philosophy , I guess , is spend as little as possible . Well , that 's , that 's good . And , uh -- Especially for these times . -- and it 's , it 's sor- , sort of always worked . Uh-huh . 

Uh , but that depends , you know , on the individual if they can I guess have self-control . Well , that 's a lot of it . Uh , I know we tried several different ways . One time we tried something that really worked but we did n't keep it up . I passed it on to a friend and she wo n't quit doing it . She loves it 

and that was the envelope system . Uh-huh . Where you go ahead and decide about how much based on what you did last month that you are going to spend , and you put the cash in envelopes marked for that . So you have one for entertainment and one for groceries et cetera . And then for some reason taking it out of that envelope and seeing it in cash instead of in check form , uh , causes you to realize how much is left . 

And she even writes down on the envelope as she subtracts and kind of debits on each envelope , Uh-huh . what she 's buying . And then at the end of the , of the period , pay period , if she has any left , that much is for fun or entertainment . Uh-huh . And they kind of work it that way . We tried for a while 

and a seems like the problem that they were having of all the , of all the things that worked was not planning enough for the incidentals that we could n't think about . Yes . And those are the ones that will kill you . You know , the accid , the accidental fee or the car repair or the things that were n't supposed to be every month . Well , yeah , I , I could n't probably be bothered doing that -- Uh-huh . -- every month , and -- That 's what I mean . It was a hassle . -- and ever since , uh , well , we 've been married almost thirty years now but , uh , Uh-huh . my husband got paid once a month . Uh-huh . So you learn to get , 

That 's , that 's kind of hard . Right . You learn to get through , you know , to the end of the month and , uh , But do you sort of self budget even , I mean , you would n't like on payday think , boy , I can go do this and that and this and that . You kind of think this is got to str , No . you kind of divide it in fourths in a way , do n't you ? No . Because if you charge things , uh , you pay all your bills at the beginning of the month , Right . when you get paid , or you get paid the last day or next to the last day . 

Right . You pay all your bills and there is n't anything left to spend anyway . Well , that 's true . What we 're in the process of doing right now is paying off our credit cards entirely . And we 're going to go ahead and try to just live on what we earn instead of guessing ahead of what we probably will have next month . Well , yeah , we , Oh . we tried to , to , to , or we are paying them off now . Yeah , 

we 're not there yet . Uh , there was a time when maybe we did n't take all of them off , Uh-huh . but you just sort of had to watch what you put in , Uh-huh . because you hate to pay those finance charges , That 's right . when you see how much it is . That 's right . And for most of , uh , I mean I 'm a substitute teacher , and I 've only substituted , I guess , for the last fifteen years , Huh . so there 's only been really one working . Uh-huh , same here . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , it works for me but I ca n't see that it would work for probably the majority of people . Well , I could say it 's kind of , you know , that 's , that 's good . You ma- , you probably have a little extra than you have to have , to , 

you know what I 'm saying ? Yeah . And so , that , that 's the difference there where sometimes like I know if we 've had an especially bad month and we 're just almost getting down to payday , then I think if we could really budget , we tried one tim- , I know when we were planning to buy the new car and we had n't had a car payment in five years , we had to go ahead and write down each month what it was that every penny went for , Uh-huh . to see how much was going to be left , Yeah . 

and that was a real eye opener . Uh-huh . It , it is when you do it that way . Uh-huh . But to , to have lived by that every week would have been tough for me because sometimes I 'll spend less on groceries but we 'll go out . So it 's kind of hard to say this is how much you 're going to spend going out for fun . This is how much you 're going to spend . It 's kind of hard . Well , we , we eat out a good deal at this point . Do you ? I , I started subbing just to go on a vacation and saved , Yeah , yeah . all that money so because I knew that you could n't , you know , spending , Right . five thousand dollars on a vacation , Right . or whatever . We were going to go for ten weeks , uh , Oh . in nineteen eighty so I started , How nice . working in nineteen eighty-seven and just saved , Uh-huh . for three years . But the , what minuscule amount I made but , W- , that way you just did n't put it on your credit card , Well , that 's , and , and it was paid for . and it made a big , and you enjoyed it better probably . Yes . Yeah , MUMBLEx . And so I think that that 's difficult for most people , but then my father was , I think so too . very Scotch and , you know , you never could afford anything although we could afford everything if he wanted to . Um , So if you 're out like in a department store and there 's a sale , you 're just real careful not to let your urges get hold of you ? Yes . That 's , that 's excellent . That 's what I 'm working toward . I think you 're probably much ahead of me there and I 'm working on it . And I never worried about saving money because we just , we 're in the savings plan at work and they took it out so , Same here , same here . I , uh , And I think though that we need to have some liquid around that you do n't have to go through the company to get . Uh-huh . You know ? Well , we never had too much of that -- Yeah . -- but then we never had any really emergencies that , uh , That came up . Yeah . And we did n't buy really new or expensive cars . I think the most , my , we 're looking at cars now , uh , we ever spent for a new car was like six thousand dollars . Uh-huh . And they were mainly used cars . Well , that 's the best thing to do . My husband said the other day it was the worst mistake we ever did to buy a new car because it was n't worth it from the day after . Yeah , so , So , you know , we 've been rather rather frugal in that . Rather frugal . Well , that 's , that 's going to payoff on retirement . In that respect . Yeah . So . Well , it , uh , I guess we 've completed , do you think we 've been here to in- , Well , each time they used to call in and tell me their space is limited and to please , uh , 