A: Start .
B: What kind of recycling programs do you have in Rowlett ?

----- Topic 1 start at 2 -----
A: Um , th- ,
A: well right now they 've got a , kind of a central location off of the main highway ,
A: and they 've got some great big bins there for newspaper , um , plastic , um , I think three bins for glass , white , green , and whatev , whatever other combination there is .
A: And , and I think they 've got a comp- , uh , some kind of container for aluminum .

----- Topic 2 start at 6 -----
B: Plano 's doing real good on that .
B: They have , uh , they start off putting out great big huge garbage cans .
A: Uh-huh .
B: Which we 're supposed to put all our week 's garbage into it ,
B: and of course it does n't fit right now .
A: Yeah .
B: But now we start in May , breaking it down ,
B: and they 're picking it all up .
A: Um .
B: So they 're going to by ,
B: and we have to separate our papers , and our glass ,
B: and then , uh , they have one day for , like , um , oh , everything you picked up from your yard ,
A: Uh-huh .
B: and we put that in disposable bags ,
B: and they pick that up on Monday .
A: Um .
B: So it 's really great .
B: I , I 'm really going head , you know , completely for it ,
B: I think it 's marvelous .
A: Well , that 's good .
A: Well , Rowlett had sent , sent out a survey , not too long ago , um , in terms in how many people were interested in having a , a pick up , I guess , on the days they do trash or something like that .
A: And apparently a lot of people responded to it favorl- , favorably , because they 're going to do it .
A: I do n't know how , how soon they 're going to do it , or how organized it 's going to be ,
A: but they 're , they 're supposed to initiate that some- , sometime in the next couple of months .
B: Well , does your , uh ,
B: where you work , do they also have aluminum cans pickups and things like that ?
A: Um , I 've never noticed that .
A: We do n't have a , a whole lot , because we 're in a hospital setting ,
A: so most of the things we have are through our cafeteria . Um ,
B: Well , down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your , you know , pop cans , and things like that ?
A: Um , no .
A: There 's , there 's only one pop machine
A: and it 's not accessible to the cafeteria now ,
A: so , uh , mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea .
B: So you do n't have much choice there .
A: No .
A: Not , not really .
B: Well I work at , uh , J C Penny
B: and last week they brought ,
B: they have a sign up that says for one full week --
A: Uh-huh .
B: -- you bring in your old wire hangers
B: and they 're going to recycle them .
A: Um .
B: So it 's getting people clean out their closets and such .
A: Uh-huh .
B: And then like , the week before that , they said go through your cupboards and any food that is still good , bring it in
B: and they brought it down to the shelters .
B: And , they have , one , two , they have three , I think , that I know of --
A: Uh-huh .
B: -- for cans for people have pop ,
B: and they put them right near where they have the time cards .
A: Yeah .
B: And it works great .

----- Topic 3 start at 60 -----
B: And they have one in the room where the snack machines are too .
A: That 's good .
B: So they 're really going at it ,
B: and I think it 's marvelous because ,
A: Yeah .
A: I , I guess Rowlett 's done a lot for the size town it is .
B: Well ,
A: And I think they 're trying to , to make some changes .
A: I , I noticed at the library or someplace this past , uh , month , month and a half ago , they were having a speaker , um , talk about doing lawn work and , h , how important it is to , to cut your lawn without a bag . Just to kind of mulch it ,
B: Uh-huh .
A: rather than bag it up , because of a- , all the the grass that 's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff ,
A: and it 's , uh , I guess a lot more e- , ecological to just mow the grass and let it work its way back into the soil .
B: Well , did you watch the program the other night on , um , was it SAVE AMERICA ?
A: I saw part of that .
B: It was good .
B: The only thing I g- , thought , um , that I have n't been trying , is when I , you know , go to take a shower , to save the water ,
A: Uh-huh .
B: and to put it on my plants . Which I had never thought about before .
A: Uh-huh .
B: But I 've already gone to ,
B: oh I started years ago , I guess , not years ago ,
B: but , yeah
B: I would say five years ago , turning off my fountain , I mean my water faucet ,
A: Uh-huh .
B: in the sink when I brush my teeth .
B: But I did n't realize that was the biggest waste of water .
A: Yeah .
B: That was surprising to me .
A: Um .
B: I missed that question , totally , I mean really bad .
B: I 'm trying to think ,
B: I did n't miss too many ,
B: I ca n't remember what my score was ,
B: but I did exceeding well .
B: I was surprised .
B: But I did n't realize that our garbage is n't being decomposed .
B: That was a shocker to me .
A: Yeah ,
A: well there are a lot of things that are n't ,
A: I 'm ,
A: that 's , uh , one of the things I wonder about ,
A: uh , one of the questions was , do you think more should be done , or something else .
A: I , I wonder about some of the prod- , products that they do n't take , like some of the plastics and things that they do n't take . Uh , why , why they could n't do more recycling with those .
B: Well , I was in , uh , Bizmart the other day ,
B: and , what I do n't understand is there is recycled paper in there ,
B: and it cost more than regular paper .
A: Um .
B: And it was only , I think , uh , forty cents more , you know , fifty cents more ,
B: but ,
A: Yeah .
B: It upset me to realize that , hey , the recycling that they 're going through the expense of recycling ,
B: but people are n't buying it ,
B: so the cost of it is higher .
A: True .
A: Yeah ,
A: I noticed that about things like
A: I s- , I seen a lot of adds recently for organic fertilizers and , and lawn additives and that type of thing ,
A: but the cost is , is like , double or sometimes triple ,
B: Uh-huh .
A: what the regular things you , fertilizers and things you buy .
A: So , in , in terms of that ,
A: it 's ,
A: you know , and , for the environment it 's , it 's , there 's a good reason to do it ,
A: but the cost is kind of prohibitive .
B: Now , see that 's recycling , you know ,
B: companies that do at least go into it ,
B: I 'd like to see subsidy by the government or something , or tax-wise or something , heavily enough to where they could get their prices lower than regular .
A: Uh-huh .
B: So that people would use this stuff re- , over again .

----- Topic 4 start at 129 -----
A: Yeah ,
A: it 's a good idea .
B: It 's like when he was saying , uh , which one was recyclable , which was reusable ,
A: Uh-huh .
B: and the recycle ones are better to use ,
B: but lots of times you do n't even see the signs on the bottles .
A: Yeah ,
A: true .
B: And if we 're going to really do something , they ought to put that stuff out bigger for people to see it .

----- Topic 5 start at 138 -----
B: I had to put my bifocals on to see it .
A: Um .
B: That 's hard when you 're in a grocery store and you 're short anyway .
A: Yeah .
B: You have to get enough nerve to ask somebody to take something off the top shelf .
B: You have n't got enough nerve to say well , put it back ,

----- Topic 6 start at 144 -----
B: it 's not recyclable .
A: I , I 'd heard something stranger ,
A: talk about bottles the other day on , uh , on the radio station , I think it 's K L T Y . They were talking about the ,
A: I think it 's in Canada they 're using , oh , recyclable milk jugs , plastic milk jugs ,
B: Uh-huh .
A: as a , a reinforcement for roads .
B: Oh , really ?
A: For road repairs .
A: And apparently they , they do n't break down very easily ,
A: and ,
B: Oh .
A: they do n't expand or , or contract when the weather changes ,
A: and this is kind of an unusual use for that type of thing .
B: You know they 're ,
B: along that same line , they said they were using , um ,
B: what is , oh , I know ,
B: it was toilets . You know , the old ones ?
A: Uh-huh .
B: Smashing them up , because they 're , that stuff there is great for , in road work .
A: Huh .
B: And I thought , well , that 's good .
B: And then I saw recycling on tires between , uh ,

----- Topic 7 start at 166 -----
B: well , hoses were being used ,
A: Uh-huh .
B: and , uh , uh , soaker hoses , made out of old tires .
A: Yeah .
B: What else ,
B: something else was made out of old tires ,
B: I was trying to remember what it was . Oh , I ca n't think of it now .
B: But I was , I was trying to get my , uh , kids , you know , to see different things that we could come up with for recycling purposes .
A: Uh-huh .
B: And just anything , to , you know , recycle rather than keep throwing it away ,
B: but my biggest problem is , I take the bags out of the store , buy the bags to bring the back ,
B: and then I forget to bring them in the store .
A: Yeah .
B: I 'm forever going back out to my car to pick up my bags to bring them and take my garbage back out .
B: I wish they 'd really push this recycling bit , because I never realized , I really did n't realize how much stuff I actually throw away .
A: Well , I think the , the more people are aware of it , the , the more they 'll do .
A: I think that 's just the biggest problem is keeping it in , in front of the public so they understand how serious the problem is , and how important it is to do that .
B: You know what I 'd like to see a little more .
B: I do n't have any little tiny kids ,
A: Uh-huh .

----- Topic 8 start at 186 -----
B: but if they get the little tiny kids saving it now ,
A: Yeah .
B: in five years , when they get bigger , it 'll work a little bit more , too .
A: True .
B: Because it 's ,
B: we 've all got to do it right now .
B: I just ,
B: I really amazed to find out that , what is it , eighty per cent are filled now , in , in garbage fills .
B: In five years we 're supposed to be at max .
A: Uh-huh .
B: I do n't think I can keep my own garbage .
B: I mean , I might not have that much ,
B: but I would n't ,
