I guess for that very reason that , that , uh , if you 're not real conscious of what you 're doing , Uh-huh . it 's just too much by the time you get , well , if you got a bunch of cards , Uh-huh . you get a bunch of bills every month and for some strange reason those people think they need to get paid . I know , is n't that funny ? Yeah . And I give them , maybe not , maybe they 're not really concerned about getting paid because they 're , know if you do n't , then they 're adding on , what , eighteen , nineteen , twenty percent . Sometimes , Yeah . it 's twenty-two percent interest . Yeah , and then some of them add late fees on it , Yeah . if they do n't get paid and , I guess that 's one of the motivations behind the , Uh-huh . the , uh , Huh . MUMBLEx the , uh , American Express card with T I , there 's no , Huh ? with the American Express card from T I , Uh-huh . there 's no , um , late fee , there 's no , uh , interest rate , Oh , really ? you ei- , you either pay the thing off or they come get it . And it 's turned into personnel and they come get you . So , they 've got quite a bit more motivation I think to get paid then , Oh , yeah . some of the others do . Yeah . But that 's the one that your call center manager sees every month , Uh-huh . so , you 're a little bit more careful about what you put on that , even though you can use it however you want to . Oh , yeah . Oh , you can ? You can use it like any other card , Uh-huh . and , uh , Oh , I see , huh . but , it , you know , you kind of , you know that somebody every month , and who knows how many people , Uh-huh . are looking at those , uh , bills that come in , and those statements , Uh-huh . you 're not the only one . Yeah . So , yo- , uh , you want to make sure that , uh , is that okay , is that o , okay , that those people see what it is that you are buying , Yeah . and most of the time it is . But , most of the others I 've sent back , I mean , all you get is card offers , I 've got three card offers now , Uh-huh . uh , from gas companies and , uh , Visa Gold and , uh , some , , other bank , uh , Citibank I think is always sending the Visa stuff out . And I usually just throw them away because I , Oh , I do too , I do n't even open them much , I throw them out . I do n't want another one , I do n't want to have to mess with it . You know you carry around a wallet full of credit cards , 