Well , we , uh , taxes , everyone thinks taxes are too high I 'm sure . But , uh , I think we do get quite a good value for the tax dollars we spend in most cases . What do you think ? Uh , yeah , I , I think so . I , I 'm , uh , I think I 'm , I think I 'm , uh , a little out of the ordinary in that , that I , I , uh , I think I 'm more worried about the deficit , the national deficit than , than , uh , a lot of other people are and think that we need to , we need to either raise our taxes or , or cutback on something and I do n't know what to cutback on to , At this stage it 's hard , to tell . to get , to get that , to get that settled . And , and , uh , and , uh , I know I 'm a real , a real , uh , out of it in terms of taxes so I 'm no- , I 'm , uh , think that the , we really ought to seriously consider what an income tax might do that , uh , for Texas and , and , Well , at this stage I think we 've taxed property almost to the limit because , Yeah . I think so . like the , the property taxes on the homes have reached the point that it 's precluding people from being able to own a home because of the cost of the taxes on them . Yeah . I know I live in Richardson -- Yeah . -- and it 's up over two thousand dollars a year for taxes on my house . Yeah , yeah . But now we 're getting public services , the schools , the hospitals and if it were n't for the taxes we 're putting in there , uh , look what the schools could cost you . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , now I 'm , uh , uh , oh , I , we 'd , when we moved to R- , Richardson , one of the reasons we chose it was for the , uh , for the schools . And , and realizing that that , that , that quality of schools might well have higher taxes than other places but that we were willing to , uh , to go for that , Yeah . because we supported the , Then again the , the community college system here is excellent for the dollar spent , and the public , Yeah . colleges also , the tuition has got to be among the lowest in the country . Uh , Yeah . one of the , uh , I believe , I do n't know which one it is , uh , down there whether it 's Hobby or , uh , the other ex-governor down there that are proposing doubling the tuition . Well if you double the tuition , it would still be considerably less than the public school tuition in most other states . Yeah , I think that 's right . Yeah . 