Okay , well the topic is selecting care for the elderly . Uh-huh . And I do n't have elderly parents , yet but not that far in the distant future . What about yourself ? Well , my parents are both in their seventies . My , my mother and stepfather , and my father and stepmother are all in their seventies . And , my , uh , uh , father and stepmother are not in very good health . So this is something that is , A concern of yours right now . Yes , it is . Are , are they living independently , right now ? Yes , they are . Oh . They are . Have you looked at any homes for them or talked to them about that ? Not for them , my , my mother and stepfather have , have , uh , set up an arrangement where they have a large home and , uh , two of my sisters and , and their families , one of them 's husband and then all the children are living in this home . Its got a lot of bedrooms and bathrooms and , and , uh , they all share the same kitchen and dining room and den and kitchen . And , and , uh , my father bought this , uh , my stepfather bought this thinking of a time when one or the other of them might need care and they felt like that would be their alternative to a nursing home . Oh , that sounds the ultimate . Unless , unless they were so ill that they needed nursing care that could not be given in the home . Well , even at that point , most care can be given at , in the home . That sound like just an excellent solution . You must feel real good about that . Well , I , I felt good about it because that 's my personal feeling also . I , uh , I read a lot and then I know people th- , then have visited nursing homes and , uh , have had great , grandparents in the nursing homes and it was not a happy situation for , for any of them . And , and , uh , we have a very active nursing home here in Plano that , that has , uh , activities going all the time and they have , uh , even the people that are wheelchair bound and , and really are , are ti- , ti- , incapacitated . Uh-huh . Go and , uh , participate in olympics and they make their crafts and sell them at a big fair that 's held annually at a big mall here . Right . 