Yeah . you hear . The people who , um , have serious problems , I mean , we have , um , really I guess we 're kind of lucky . We really only know of one , uh , young man who , uh , who 's a fam- , they go to our church , Uh-huh . and it 's the son and so on , and he was friends with my children um , and he 's really the only one that I know of personally who got himself really messed up , um , ha , having been involved with drugs . But I know of a number of other people who have , you know , gotten all messed up . Uh-huh . Most of these are young people . I work in the education system and so I have a little more contact with that . But , um , the effect that it 's had on this young man 's life is so dramatic that it 's heartbreaking -- Uh-huh . -- and he may never really be a productive member of society . But sadder than that , he may never be able to have a normal , happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are , are almost uncontrollable . I mean , he , he puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that , you know , he , he 's not sure if he 's going try to commit suicide or not . Huh . I mean , he 's , you know , he 's so messed up . Right . And , um , this was a nice , sweet , young man who , teenager , you know , and he 's now a young man about twenty , I guess , who , um , just got really down the wrong path . Right . And , uh , you know , I do n't know that , that his problem would ever have been detected by drug testing . But seeing what drugs did to him makes me see , makes me realize what it could do to people , you know , in the work force as well . Uh-huh . Um , it 's horrible . Well , then , let 's , let 's answer the second half of the question . What limits ought to be put on it , do you think ? Well , the limits , uh , uh , would , I think , have to do with what I 'd alluded to before , that there needs to be a further , um , that , that one positive on a drug test , Uh-huh . would not constitute , uh , dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might , uh , have set up for those who genuinely have a problem . Uh-huh . In other words , there needs to be , um , more than , Treatment before for dismissal type thing . Pard- , yes , right , Yeah . there needs to be more than one test , and there needs to be some , some measure of , uh , certainty before anything drastic happens . Uh-huh . There are lots of things that are involved there , um , such as , perhaps , insurance -- Uh-huh . -- uh , you know , denial of insurance for someone , um , and undoubtedly there are people who would be victimized by this , um , that would , that , you know , it would be unfair , and people who are on medication , for example , or , um , even people who might be of the gay community , and I 'm not an advocate for that particular segment of society , but , um , I think that there does n't need to be fuel to the fire for discrimination -- Right . because it makes a bigger problem . Um , so it seems to me that , that , um , there needs to be some ground , you know , some rules -- Uh-huh . -- that protect . I 'm not sure , though , when we talk about what rules , if any , that we should say , well , certain segments should not have to be tested . I really do n't see why , Personally , I think that 's what I was about to say -- And , yeah . -- is that everyone needs to be tested . Yeah . I do n't , It , you know , I do n't know why it would be , you know , uh , bad to test just every- , and it may be , you know , it 's not feasible to do everyone , but certainly random testing , the fact that people know that , that they , That it could happen . Yeah , Uh-huh . would be some measure of protection . 