Uh , so that 's all in self improvement to stay focused on who the customer is and as you probably well know , all of us are our own customer . You 're my customer , I 'm your customer , sort of thing . Right . Um , every now and then I 'm loaned a tape I can stick in the , uh , in the car cassette set on the way home to make the drive more enjoyable , talking about , uh , better outlooks on things and the philosophy of , of Pat Hagerty and these kind of , uh , mind stimulating philosophy type . Yeah . Which all , you know , betters yourself . Yeah , yeah , well , uh , maybe I am into some things occasionally that I do n't think of in terms of self improvement . Uh-huh . I mean they are but I do n't label it as such . Like what for example . Well , I do n't know , um , I , uh , have attended some seminars that had some tapes that went with them , but , uh , I guess not so much books although they sometimes have manuals and things , but , uh , they would be things on like how to be successful and sort of talking to yourself . You know ge , getting your , yourself in gear to , uh , sort of pull yourself up by your boot straps and do what you really want to do . Sure . Convincing you that you need to get on with it . Sure . How about items like , um , THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER , which used to be a big , okay . Yes . So those are self improvements . Sure . Um , our supervisor , uh , subtly bought all of us a book called WHAT EVERY SUPERVISOR SHOULD KNOW . Um . By a man , man named Doctor Bittel , B I T T E L and it 's a very layman 's , uh , uh , approach towards managing different types of people . And the very last chapter , and I have n't figured out why that one was last , is how to manage engineers . So it 's , it 's ver- , it 's interesting , here again it 's , it 's casual reading and it 's not eaten up with a lot of , uh , mechanical stuff and it 's really excellent fast reading and , uh , but as you say it 's , it 's sometimes it 's difficult to , to know if it 's , you know , I think if somebody would say hey , read these ten books because these are self-improvements , I would probably be turned off to them . Yeah , yeah . If he casually just walked into it and , uh , put down a Stephen King book and I picked up one of them I might be a little more interested . I do n't know , I 'm not sure I could take too much of Stephen King . That 's a little , little heavy for me . Yeah , they 're , uh , quite , uh , they 're hard to set down because it 's so interesting and , of course , they 're all just a little spookier than the movies , but , uh , Yeah . it 's always , they 're always challenging to get through one of them . I have a hard time finishing books . Well I guess I also have been reading , uh , a lot of things on , uh , quality improvement and that type of thing because that 's what I 'm involved in a lot at work . Uh-huh . In quality , especially now days , uh , that 's almost everything that comes across the , the , the airways MUMBLEx . Oh , yeah , you could almost label everything quality in some sense or other 