Hello Ann . Hello Chuck . Uh , the other day , I attended a conference here at Utah State University on recycling -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I was kind of interested to hear cause they had some people from the E P A and lots of different places -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , they had basically decided that there is going to be a real problem here within a few years on solid waste . Uh , I did n't think that was a new revelation . Well , it 's not too new . Right . So , what what is the E P A recommending now ? Oh , they really did n't propose any solutions . Actually , they were , the guy was pretty negative about the things that the government was doing even though he was from the E P A . Uh-huh . But , he had a lot of , uh , facts to , to give and , uh , things like how many solid waste plants were being shut down and , and , uh , one of the most interesting things that he was talking about was recycling of , of news print . He was talking about , uh , the City of New York and how they went and collected all this news print -- Yeah . -- and they could sell it for a while . They were able to sell it for some amount per ton and now at this stage of the game where they have gotten into recycling , they 've collected so much news print that they have to pay to have it hauled away . Right . That 's a , that 's a common problem though . That it seems , that has happened in Dallas as well as New York and I try to recycle all of the newspapers that come to my house and after a while I just quit taking the newspaper because I could n't recycle it anymore which is n't good for business on the other end either , I suppose . Yeah . We 're doing some here in , in Cash Valley , the community here . Uh-huh . There 's , uh , we 've actually got a kind of a nice set up . We 've got a couple of plants here that actually take , uh , recycled paper and shred it and spray it with chemical treatment so that it 's not a fire hazard -- Right . -- and make it into insulation and they can actually use as much recycled paper as the community can get to them . Because they are actually buying it and shipping it in from outside . Well , that 's good . So one of the real keys , it sounds like , to getting recycling for , uh , paper or something like that to go is to get some sort of business to actually want it once you have collected it . Right . There has to be , uh , a reuse for it . I mean , that 's why they recycle . The one I think is the most interesting is with the recycled bottles and all that , uh , the industry seems to be doing with the recycled polymers . Uh , everything from , uh , waste baskets to carpet to the no stick , I mean the sticky slide rugs under the carpet -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I think they are even putting it in the roadways these days and they 're making clothes now that are recycled . Like the recycled plastic coke bottles and and milk cartons and things like that . And there was a paper presented at this conference from a guy from Alabama and he was kind of hired to do a study by two departments for the government . One was like , environmental protection and the other one was , oh , I ca n't remember what , 