and he , my nin , my , uh , sixth grader came from an open classroom at Matthews , and the very first year I taught back in seventy-three , we had open classroom and it did n't work then -- Oh . -- and when we moved down here , I was just appalled that they were still doing -- Still at it . -- it here , Well the explanation I was , was given about , you know , they , they seemed to admit that it was n't working , but they did n't have the money to restructure , but looks to me that it would n't take really that much money to at least come up with , I mean , some kind of partitions -- Partitions -- -- you know , -- or just to face the children different directions or to do something -- Just , yeah . -- I know last year my son had to eat in the classroom because there was no cafeteria at his school -- Oh , goodness . -- so he spent all day -- Oh . -- in this one large open area , so , I did n't really care for that . It seems like the schools in Michigan were much better than they are down here . Were they ? That was our last tour , in Michigan . Well , we were from North , um , Carolina , and of course North , North Carolina has a terrible reputation as far as education . I think they rank about forty-ninth -- Oh . -- but our children got a very good education there -- Uh-huh . -- they were in the magnet school program , and a lot of their classes , from the time they were about third grade , they , they changed classes several times during the day , which has its pros and cons , but a lot of their classes there were only eight or ten children in their classes -- Oh , wow . -- and it was wonderful -- Yes . -- so , you know , I 'm coming to , to Plano thinking , Well , gosh , it 's going to be really great , it 's ranked so much better . Yes , that 's right . We heard wonderful things about it until we actually got in the system . Is n't that interesting , I , I , I do n't understand how they get this , this reputation unless it 's just that they spend a lot of money , I do n't know . Probably so , on publicity and letting realtors know and key people how wonderful the schools are -- I guess so . -- so . Well , my son is at Clark this year too , so , uh , we 're As a freshman ? Yeah . Yep . And , uh , he 's pleased with his classes . I , I , I do n't guess I 've been in the high school long enough to , to know what to expect really -- Yeah . -- you know , how to judge it . My daughter seems to be having a good time , she was absent with strep throat the last three days , and I ran over and picked up her report card , and she did very good , so -- Well , that 's good . -- and she seems to be studying and has just about the right amount of home work I would expect -- Yeah . -- for a freshman to have . She 's not bogged down , 