Oh , I see . left in my backyard . Yeah . I see . Well , I enj , I enjoy fiddling around . It 's cheap entertainment . Right . Right . Yeah , it 's nice to get out in the open air . It is , uh-huh . And especially when the weather 's not too hot or , That 's right . not raining or whatever , Yeah . but , uh , I enjoy , sometimes I , Excuse me , go ahead . I said , I sometimes I wish I had more space -- Uh-huh . -- you know . I grow a lot of things , a lot of food . Uh-huh . And sometimes I , I want to plant something , there 's not enough room to plant . That 's right . That 's right . Some of those things like , uh , you know , the things that vine like , uh , cucumbers , Uh-huh . or , uh , squash or something , Uh-huh . like that . Takes a lot of room . Plant one of those and it takes up your whole space . It sure does . I made mistake one year and planted some cantaloupe , my goodness , Yeah . what a mistake that was . Yeah . They , they just run all over , They do . the place , do n't they , Well , it was very good it just takes up , you know , like you say , a lot of your garden area . Right . Right . MUMBLEx . It 's the first and only time I 've done that . We do n't do anything exotic we just do , oh , The basics . tomatoes , bell peppers , Right . radishes and turnips , I mean , not turnips , carrots , beets and things like that . Yeah . That 's what we do too . My wife used to plant a few snow peas . I do n't really care for snow peas . Well , she just plants a few for herself . Right . Peas -- Yeah . -- I , I got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago . Did you really ? The first one , they started them indoors this time . I read it , Oh , I see . And so I , Okay . We do n't start anything indoors we , Yeah . just wait until , you know , the weather warm enough to stick it in the ground . I , uh , I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that , Probably so . Yeah , you can get a head start on it . But , uh , sure is a heck of a lot of work . I guess it , it , Because you got to , might would , yeah . watch them every day , Uh-huh . and keep them watered and I , I do n't think I 'll do it again . Well it will make , it will make them taste better I 'm sure . Oh , yeah . Yeah , I enjoy it . I come home from work and , and I usually say hello to wife and kids , Sure . and then go out and fiddle , you know , just walk around the yard and -- You got to inspect it , yeah . -- inspect it and the kids want to swing , 