Yeah , so what was , what was the other question , let 's see , do you do it as a task or do you enjoy , enjoy working out . I guess it 's a task 'cause I ca n't make myself do it lately . Yeah , I think I , uh , I enjoy it sometimes and there 's other times when I just get tired of it and , Yeah . and I feel like I 'm obligated to do it , because I 've been doing it so I should keep up . You do n't want to lose yourself . And there 's some days it 's just like it 's the hardest thing in the world to , to get started . Well how old are you ? I 'm , uh , twenty-seven . Okay , so you 're still young . Yeah , still young , getting older . We all are , so . Yeah , but , uh , It 's not hard to stay , well if you keep working out when you 're young though , when you get older , you know , your body 's not going to look as bad . I seen an old woman today , she was about eighty and she looked so good , Yeah . I mean she was standing just as straight and tall and she had a small waist and she did n't have , you know , like , you know , how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle . Right . A- , she did n't have that at all . She , her lips were a little bit wide , but a lot of , back in her time , they liked women with big hips anyway -- Right . -- so she may be keeping that on purpose , so . Yeah , I notice if you , uh , if you stay in shape you do n't age as bad , Uh-huh . I think , too . I was , I go to school , too , at night and last semester I had stopped working out 'cause I hurt myself and started smoking a lot , and you just , those kind of things age you more . Well smoking ages you quick , Right , an -- it puts those little wrinkles around your lips . -- right an you ca n't , and then , you know , it just kind of feeds itself . You smoke , and then you do n't work out because you , You get winded . Right , and so , Oh , I smoke a pack a day an , I finally quit because , like I just , all I was doing was going down hill fast . I ca n't quit smoking , I 've tried . I was telling a friend of mine that I 'd be almo- , almost as bad as being an alcoholic , Yeah . I ca n't quit smoking . I 've tried , I just ca n't do it . I quit when I was pregnant with my kids , but , you know , as soon as I had them , right back to it . Right back to them . Yeah . Yeah . It was like , you know , 