Yeah , whatever they spent it on , they have to pay tax on . That 's right , that 's right . And that 's the unfairness of the thing , but , uh , I think taxes generally are unfair so , Wha , what do you think of that new luxury car tax , anything over ten thou- , or thirty thousand dollars ? Well , you know , like other things , if they do n't affect you , you do n't worry about them too much . I have trouble buying a twenty thousand dollar car still , so it does n't , I , I think , uh , you know , generally the prices of cars have gotten out of line , which is , uh , you know . Oh , sure . And , uh , I guess if people got thirty , forty thousand bucks to spend on a car , uh , that 's their prerogative , you know . I , I , I do n't have a whole of sympathy on that . You , maybe you buy that , you know , and I do n't mean to be knocking , uh , No , uh , no , I have n't , but it , it to me it seems really interesting that they come along and add another ten percent tax , uh , on top of it . And there 's an awful lot of cars that cost more than thirty thousand . Yeah , there are , there are . And the idea of that kind of taxation is to have people think twice on putting their money into that , I guess , you know , unless they really want it , buy something that , you know , more , well , it , it 's just like having taxes on , or exemptions for kids , you know . It 's a way of increasing the population , that , that was one of the initial ideas of , you know , giving exemptions on kids , on , on federal taxes . Yeah . And where you exempt things , like , uh , uh , one of the best things I heard on taxes to stimulate the economy , someone , brilliant deductor , probably Lloyd Bentsen , said that all , you know , if they gave back the deductions on credit cards on your federal taxes -- Right . -- people would probably be , you know , spending more money using their credit cards . Right . Now , I do n't know if that 's true or not , but if you look on all interest things , not just credit cards , but on your cars and , you know , a- , any kind of interest that you 're paying , from a personal point of view , that might make certain sense in stimulating consumer purchasers . Sure . So that 's a lot of the games that politicians play on where they want to go , you know , tax things that they do n't , you know , to a degree , well , like booze , you know , example , they keep raising the taxes on booze , it gets to the point , you know , it makes drunks sober , you know . They quit buying it . Well , what , what about the taxes on cigarettes ? 