That would be pretty . So , but usually I just opt for brownies and vanilla ice cream . We 've been fixing something lately that , well we 've been cooking a lot of , turkey breasts . Uh-huh . Because it 's low fat . Yeah , it 's just so much better for you . And I 've been making a hot sandwich . I toast a piece of whole wheat bread , Uh-huh . and then put the turkey on it and then slices of the low fat Swiss cheese and then I make a little honey mustard dressing and put over it , Oh ! and pop it in the microwave . That sounds great . It is delicious . I would n't mind serving that to anybody . No , and that 's some- , that 's something that just , you know , it does n't take a long time to fix , No . it 's really good , and it 's really good for you . Yeah , it 's real quick . And we eat out a lot and there are sometimes you just do n't feel like eating out , Right . and I wish I had something a little bit different , Uh-huh . to just zap together . Yeah . Well ma- , mix up a little , uh , mayonnaise with some dijon mustard , Uh-huh . and honey until it just , I mix it until it just tastes good to me . I was going to say , do you just mix it to taste ? Uh-huh . Okay . Yeah , and it 's real good . And it keeps in the refrigerator . How long , does it keep , do you , well you would n't have to make , Oh , it keeps a long time . Yeah , and you would n't have to mix that much together even . No , uh-huh , it keeps a long time . I 'm sorry I keep coughing . I 've had a bad cold . Oh . And I put a little , um , oh , yogurt in it too . Plain ? Plain yogurt ? If I , just plain yogurt . It gives it a little tang . I 'll bet that is really good . It makes a great sandwich . Man , I 'm going to have to think of that . We 're getting company tonight , Oh , are you . and I have been debating what to cook because one of my guests is a vegetarian . Oh , yeah , that 's kind of hard . So , we 're going to , I think we 'll try to do something a little bit , we might try to , to , um , to grill some flounder or salmon steaks . They 'll eat fish ? Yeah . She 'll eat fish . And , I usually , when they come down I 'll grill those -- Uh-huh . -- and brush on a little lemon butter sauce and , um , definitely go with , it will have to be a rice dish -- Right , uh-huh , that sounds good . -- lots of vegetables , to make up for the lack of meat . Right . I had a recipe from that , um , INTERNATIONAL COOKBOOK TWO , that 's a great salad in summertime . Do you , do you garden or not ? No we do n't , our next door neighbors do and some , a lot of times they 'll give us something . Okay . MUMBLEx it 's just sliced tomatoes and I put it on a glass plate because it looks real pretty . Yeah . Sliced tomatoes and then green pepper strips , Oh ! just over it , Uh-huh . and some red onion slices , Uh-huh . and just a little bit of , um , basil , Okay . and then a little Italian dressing over it . And everybody loves it and it 's so easy , 