it 'll go up . And , if it opens . It 's , uh , something we 're really irritated about around here . Or some people are really irritated about . They 're , they 're building this new sta- , they built the new stadium downtown . And they 're saying how there 's going to be a lot more parking for the stadium . Uh-huh . But I park for free up at , at Memorial Stadium because I know where I can do it for free . Oh , oh . And , um , I 'm not going to be able to do that downtown . Uh , that 's , yeah , that 's a bummer . Yeah . We , Well , see , baseball here though is the cheapest game in town . Because the Cowboys , it 's out , it 's outrageous -- Uh-huh . -- to go to the Cowboy game . And the Mavericks are t- , it 's high too . Uh-huh . So baseball 's cheap , Were n't you guys , compared to other games . supposed to get a stadium in downtown Dallas ? Well , that did n't go s- , over , Oh , it d , it did n't , now . They , they , go through . they decided , you know , George Bush , who , who 's the main owner of the Rangers , decided that , uh , they 'd stay in Arlington . So Arlington 's going to build a stadium , a bigger one . Oh , okay . So we 're going to , they 're going to stay there . Which is fine , because Arlington 's got a lot of things to offer . And , and that was their main , main money making , you know , Uh-huh . deal for the city . And it would have devastated them if they would have taken it away . Yeah . Because everything , there 's Six Flags right by the stadium , there 's a Wet 'n Wild and , Uh-huh . and it , you know , that 's , all the tourists come there . Uh-huh . And , and they , it would have been devastated , they would have collapsed . So I 'm kind of glad they 're staying there . Because it 's right in the middle of Fort Worth-Dallas , and , you know , Yeah . That 's , that 's what I 'd always heard , I 've , uh , Yeah . We , you know , we , I like it there . And I think Dallas has enough to offer that they do n't have to hog everything . So , I 'm glad that they 're staying in Arlington . Uh-huh . And it 's takes us maybe , uh , we- , well , thirty-five to forty minutes to get there from Plano , which is not too bad at all . Yeah . That 's about what it takes me to get to Memorial . Yeah . Um , So , it 's actu- , it actually funny that , um , I live just outside of Baltimore . And it takes me almost the same amount of time to go to Frederick , but as it does to go to the , the ballpark in Me- , in , uh , Baltimore . Is that right ? Because , um , to go out to Frederick , I just jump on the Interstate and , because I live just south of the Interstate . Uh-huh . H , hop on the Interstate , and the stadium 's right off the Interstate . Oh , gosh . So , it 's like I drive west and I 'm there . And , you know , and then to go into Baltimore , I mean , it well , it 's fewer miles , 