Yeah . That sounds great . Yeah , but , uh , I think , we 're just thinking of having , a , uh , dinner party . We went to this dinner party the other night that was kind of like a game , they had , uh , a murder mystery , Uh-huh . and you came dressed as one of the characters and you had to solve the mystery during the dinner , Uh-huh . and it was really fun and so we , we were thinking we wanted to do , you know , we were going to try doing it ourselves , but we 're trying to decide what can we serve because at this one the hostess was pretty busy running around trying to get stuff ready for the table and that kind of interrupted the game , so , Right , yeah . so I was thinking there 's this Beef Bourguignonne recipe that I 've tried before that 's pretty good and then you can make that ahead and you can just leave it in the pot on a stove until you 're ready . Uh-huh . So that 's , uh , Yeah that 's another thing I have a problem with my wife , Yeah . she , uh , she likes to , um , she does n't like the beef dishes . She likes the chicken and fish , Uh , yeah . and , like I said , we always ate beef and , uh , pork , Oh , yeah . you know , a lot , so . I know , my husband did too . His parents are Austrian and they , uh , always made sure they had a lot of meat at the table . Oh yeah , red meat , plenty of good red meat . Yeah , yeah , yeah . My dad could eat , a , a meal with out any vegetables at all . Oh , my gosh . And , uh , Susan 's , you know , they had , you know meatless meals , you know . Yeah , yeah . My dad would n't know what to do . Oh , gosh , so do you , Course , she grew up Catholic so you know , they , Oh , they did the , they sort of come with the , there 's a certain amount of meatless meals you have to have . That you do , right , right , that 's just part of it . Uh-huh . Yeah , we did n't , my family did n't , but when I got into the vegetarian cooking we got kind of used to that , but my husband always did it kind of grudgingly , he never , Uh-huh . There was dishes that he really enjoyed , eating . Uh-huh . Ther- , there were several things that he liked but it never was really , something that he would have chosen . 