At least exercise while dusting it off . Yeah . well . Maybe if I can get interested in playing softball again this string I can , uh , start some type of , uh , regular program . Yeah , that , that 'll be good . I 've always found that , uh , when you write things down and set goals it 's a lot easier to keep , uh , keep something going . Uh-huh . Uh , when I was in high school we had a choice of , uh , taking , uh , physical education courses on exercise , an , uh , one of those involved a six weeks session on a universal machine , lifting weights and , Oh . uh , working out like that . And that was very helpful we kept charts of our progress , Uh-huh . and , uh , consistently increased the empty of resistance so you could see how much you improved over the weeks . I found that to be , uh , very helpful . Are you going to do that ? Uh , I need to , I have n't started yet but , uh , it 's a thought . Well , that sounds like something good to do then . Sounds like something I should do . Yeah , nice way to start off this spring . Get back in shape . How often do you , uh , uh , go out each week on your walking ? Well , I do , I switch every other day one day I walk and one day I do the aerobics . Okay , how far , about how far do you go walking ? Well , I 'm trying to get my tolerance now I just had surgery , um , less then two months ago , and right now I 'm just a little over about a mile and a half , Okay . but I 'm trying to workup to three miles . Well , that 's good . Well they say that walking is just as good if not better then jogging . Yeah , It , it takes , it 's just that it takes longer to get to the same effect . Sure . Yeah , but . Well , if you keep up with a consistent pace just to , uh , keep the heart rating going , uh , My walkman broke , Yeah . so I 'm upset , and I just have to turn to stereo up real loud . Yeah . But it 's a lot less stressful on the joints then jogging is . Yeah , it is and this does n't , you know , my treadmill has an incline 