and this is when Schramm was still there . Uh-huh . And , um , they 'd go after them saying , uh , jeez what you really need is a defensive end . So they 'd go out and try to find a defensive end and when they , when they drafted somebody and he did n't work out at that spot it really was n't a good enough athlete to move to any place else . Uh-huh . And , uh , so I think it was kind ever interesting . I think the decline of the , uh , of the Cowboys as a powerhouse really kind of started with , uh , not drafting people , the best athletes . Yeah . It makes sense because , you know , you , you 've got the flexibility if they 're good athlete they can , you know , do a bunch of different things . Yeah , yeah . Um . But , And I do n't , you know , my , my , my , my main sport is baseball but , you know , um , I 've been enjoying football but I do n't know it as well . Yeah . Um , I just , you know , um , Cowboys are going to have a problem are n't they ? Is it , is it this year they do n't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade or what was the whole deal on that ? Uh , they still have some , some , uh , some draft picks , uh , They do n't , that they got , have anything high do they ? No . Actually , they picked up some from Minnesota . I think it was , uh , Minnesota 's MUMBLEx , Oh , that 's right , that 's right . They , it went the other way . Yeah . What was I thinking . They gave up , they , they traded Wa- , Herschel , They traded Walker , yeah . to Minnesota . Yeah , okay . My brain is really working well tonight . That 's okay , they , um , um , I 've got a friend that , uh , lives right next to the Cowboys ' training camp . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , he gets , he sees them out running a lot and every once in a while gets a chance to talk to some of the guys and they 're all , uh , they 're all thinking that , uh , man , they , they , they really got something going this year , Uh-huh . but I , I guess , uh , when you have a whole bunch of , uh , professional athletes that get together at the beginning of the year everybody 's got great hopes . You , Uh-huh . know , I guess it 's the same way with baseball or , or anybody , you know , Spring training until you actually start going out and getting , uh , getting out against the competition everything probably looks pretty good . Oh , yeah . I mean , you know , if you go to , I , I , you know , I 'm sure if you go to any of the twenty-eight coaches in football in training camp they say , oh , we 're going to be Super Bowl Champs 