Hey , what do you think , you know , some , some black guy with capital is going to come in and invest in that area ? That 's right . With everybody with that mind set . They , they 're -- They 're only going to suffer . -- they 're going to , that whole area is going to be turned into residential ghetto , you know , and you might even be able to , to use it for , for a bombing test site , you know . T- , they 're only going to suffer . They , they 've defeated themselves with , with their looting and violence . Uh , I understand why they were upset by the verdict just because even those of us that are n't black or , uh , do n't live there or whatever , we all saw the same thing on the , on the tape and , uh , Well e- , everybody is saying this is going to be a new era and we 're going to reexamine this thing . Hey , the b- , the average person is going to take a look at that and say , suspicions confirmed . They 're a bunch of animals , you know . How can you really deal with an environment where you 're going to lose everything . Forty deaths . I mean there are forty people -- I know . -- that are dead as a result of that . Yeah , it 's really ridiculous . And I 'm just trying to determine , you know , how you address , how you weigh , you know , Rodney getting , getting the hell beat out of him against , you know , forty deaths . Against forty other people being , Yeah . And there 's no other , I 'm not su , exactly sure , uh , what the circumstances surrounding the deaths . And I 'm very upset that the news media has not identified those deaths -- Those deaths . -- and , and pursued it , you know , because I 'm interested in the circumstances surrounding this thing . Uh-huh . Is it a looter that got shot by a store owner ? I , you know , no tears . Or just a by- , an innocent bystander or somebody got actually beat to death or what . Yeah . And -- Um . -- and so I , but I , I suspect a number of them . You know , you , you see film of people being pulled out of a car and shot , you know , in , in the street . MUMBLEx Or , or beaten . And , and my reaction is I would have run over fifty people before , rather than stop . And , uh , and there , there would have been just nothing but carnage after , after , after -- Um . -- if I 'd been at the wheel . No one -- Right . -- would have stopped me . That 's , that 's exactly how I feel too . I would n't have , uh , they would n't have stopped my car for any , anything had I seen them coming . But I was just wondering since you 're , you 're in , you 're back east , uh , and a little closer to the , the bigger cities than we are in Idaho here . Right . I 'm inside the beltway . Oh . You know how capital gang , they always say well inside the beltway , they think thus and so and I say well wait a minute , I 'm inside the beltway and I do n't think like that . Uh-huh . I 'm a government employee . Oh . In what , uh , section of the government do you work ? I 'm with the F B I . Oh . Oh , that 's interesting . 