The methods of correcting it I have n't thought through quite to the detail which you have . But I believe that there 's definitely a basic perception and image problem with the fact of even being a teacher . Uh-huh . And if there was a way to , through the public mind , set that image to be a little higher esteem , a little , uh , uh , a little more prestige to being a teacher . And with that , of course , you know , you have to pay them a , accordingly . If we paid them more , it would attract more the , the higher educated people to , to either move into that field or to continue in that field . Yeah . And then if you paid them more , you 'd also be able to demand a higher quality product out of them . I think that 's absolutely right . They , the thing that worries me about that is that if you just raise salaries across the board , you 're going to be , uh , rewarding people who 've been doing a lousy job . And -- Sure . -- instead of getting the , uh , improvement that we want . Sure . So we 'd have to have some way to , uh , reward and recognize the teachers who are doing a good job and give them a , a pat on the back and respect and some honor and -- Uh-huh . -- more money . It , unfortunately , it 's a , and it 's a business or an occupation that the results are not as tangible -- Uh-huh . Yeah . It 's , it 's hard to tell . -- as other ones so it 's very , it 's very difficult to say that this teacher is doing a better job than this other one , other than I guess how , you kn , how a person scores in the beginning before the class and then after the class . You know , if there 's some gauge that they could make . Yeah . Uh , also , I 've alw- , I 've thought around about the idea of making teaching and the , before you can get a certificate , you have a , a certain residency period . So much like a doctor . Maybe not the four years definitely . But some certain type of , of position where you 're overseen to begin with . Yeah . Now that 's a very good suggestion . Uh , just something to , i- , rather than throw someone in , into that environment , uh , you know , it -- Yeah . I do n't think -- -- I thought that maybe something . -- student , I do n't think student teaching is enough . I think -- 