the ex- , the , uh , weight lifting on the other hand is actually , you know , I think I look better . Right . I have just a , I do n't , I 'm not a huge person , I 'm just a regular looking guy , but just going to lift weights on occasion with my wife , and my wife thinks the same thing about both me and herself -- Uh-huh . -- that get that little bit of definition in your muscles is , is attractive -- Right . -- so that pays also . That 's good . Yeah , so , so I guess that aspect of that takes away the work -- Yeah . -- the , with my wife , which is nice , I love her , you know , I enjoy being with her -- Uh-huh . -- I guess that 's one thing , but also , uh , that , that long term benefit of a little bit of tone in your muscles . Right , that 's it , I do the occasional push up and sit up . I have n't really brought myself to go to the -- Yeah . -- the gym , because that 's very stressful to me , because I feel , I felt real competitive there , and I need to find some place I could go and not feel like there 's all these people who are just huge and hulking that are ... Oh , yeah , I do n't , I do n't let that bother me , but , yeah , that 's something that comes with time , too . Right . You know , I 'll tell you , the sit ups and push ups are excellent -- Uh-huh . -- you know , it 's your own , you , you 're , you 're struggling against your own body weight -- Right . -- you can d , have variety by putting your feet higher or lower , by putting your arms further apart or closer together , by doing them real quick or real slow -- Right . -- and you can actually get a good wo- , you can , I know in the push up , at least , you can get chest muscles and the back of your arms quite built up -- Uh-huh . -- just doing push ups . That 's a good idea , but I do have my ride , we have a stationary bicycle and a stair step machine here at the house . Oh , is that right . I 'll do those once in a while just -- Right . -- you know , like -- Yeah . -- at eleven thirty when Love Connection 's on -- 