Well I wondered if I was going to get to talk to a male or a female on this type . Have you been talking to males ? Yeah , yeah , this is , this is probably more interesting if it had been a male and a female . I was afraid we might get into an argument . Right . Well , uh , I guess uh , there have been certainly a lot of changes in the last couple of generations , Uh-huh . for , uh , the roles of women and uh , I guess the most significant probably is that so many are working now , Right . And trying to juggle job and home and family and all sorts of other possibilities , you know , they may be going to school , or may have elderly parents , or you know all sorts of other things . Yeah , it , it seems too me like though that women 's roles are changing faster than the men and therefore , the women are spreading themselves thinner , Oh , I think so . than before . Absolutely . I , I , I think it 's extremely difficult to keep up with all that we have to these days . Uh-huh . Sometimes , I think I am going crazy trying to do it but , Do you work outside the home ? Yes . Do you have children ? Uh , yes . They are getting older now , Uh-huh . so they are not quite as much of a responsibility but they are still there , you know , Oh sure . they still take time , and , and I , you know , I still provide most of the things that go on around the house . Right . So , uh , yeah and for a while I was going to school too , and tha- , it was tough . Yeah , I uh , I think that while it 's a good change for I think women to be able to fulfill their potential in whatever they feel , you know , Uh-huh . their expertise may be . Uh-huh . Uh , I think sometimes other things suffer and tha- , I think it 's hard to find a balance there . But in some ways I think we are expected to do it all . You 're almost looked down upon if you do n't try to do all of these things and -- Right . -- that 's where the problem is really . Yeah , yeah , I have little children , four and one , and I decided that it was very important to me to stay home . Uh-huh . Uh , and when I , I , I happen to , you know be , I 'm very active with , uh , people , other people with children my age and most of us do tend to stay home , but when I run into people that , you know , just have recently had babies or have very young children and are working full time , I , there 's almost a , uh , friction between us . Uh-huh . 