Right , I agree , too . I do n't think the jury should be the ones that , that put the sense- , sentencings down . I think the judges should , or even a panel of , of lawyers if , if it got to that point . Might be better at than just regular civil people . Uh-huh . Not knowing , you know , exactly what things are , from , from murder on up to like tax stuff , you know . Yeah . Because I find that , uh , I 've been on a few juries and , uh , as a say , I , I tend to be around , uh , civil cases because I 've been an expert witness some , and , uh , many matters are so complicated that it 's so hard to , uh , come up with the fair value , uh , or the fair sentence and one thing that you get if you have some expertise is , uh , you know the range of , of possible values or terms or , you know , how heinous was the crime . Right . Uh , that , uh , when I only do something one , two or three times I 'm hardly an expert on it , and most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three . Yeah and , And so how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was a , you know , worth five years or twenty-five . Right , that 's , yeah . And , and most people that do sit on juries , some people just sit on them once in their lifetime , you know , if they 're that lucky sometimes . Uh-huh . Or , you know , what , whatever the case may be . And , and may not have any idea of what , what the standard punishment would be for it . Yeah . And it , they may have some different idea , I mean , it might be more important for them to put a sen- , sen- , sentencing down that was , uh , longer , you know , that did n't fit , the punishment did n't fit the crime . Uh-huh . Or not long enough or , you know , whatever the case may be . Yeah . I , I think the judges do have that , that better knowledge of it . The only thing I worry about sometimes is if , if you get somebody in there that , that has a name , that is the defendant and , you know , sometimes , might have more pull , which that does happen . Uh-huh . I mean , we ca n't say it does n't , because it does happen . I mean not everybody is , you know , has , has the right morals sometimes . People can be paid off or politically -- 