uh , sort of at the end of this little , little point and , uh , it 's a , at the very end , it 's the last set of condominiums there , and it 's , uh , it 's very nice . Uh , it 's not very expensive , uh , you can , I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids . And , uh , they have a , we have a , uh , I think it 's three bedroom or two bedroom , uh , condominium , which will sleep , I do not know , quite a few about , Right . six or eight . And , uh , cause it 's got , you know , pull out couches and all that , and , uh , I think it 's going to cost us , per couple , about three hundred dollars for the week . Oh . That 's nice . Yeah , it really is , because , uh , the , uh , you know , it has got its own kitchen , full size , Great . kitchen and everything . And , this one , I think has two baths , and it 's , the one we got is on the , on the beach side . So , Oh , nice . We have got a beautiful view and balcony , and , uh , just , you know , it 's really a nice stay . Uh , in fact , we stayed there on our honeymoon , we , I had won a trip to the Bahamas , but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time , so we instead went there , uh , and loved it just as much as , as if we had gone to the Bahamas . We , Oh . in fact , we stayed an extra day or so , because we liked the , uh , the particular ro- , uh , uh , uh , suite we had gotten was very nice and , Great . so we decided to stay . Oh . But , uh , it 's a pretty nice place , you will need to try to go and , Well , we have just -- stay there sometime . -- we have just , It 's a little far from here , but , uh , Are you driving ? Yeah , we are . We are , it will take , uh , a day and a half to get there , probably . Oh . So . Well , we are , the neighborhood that we live , they are switching to an alternate calendar this year , so it , starting , well , starting at the end of July , we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March . Uh-huh . So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family . So , I , Uh , what does , what does that mean , alternate ? Well , it 's , what it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school , three weeks of vacation , Oh . nine weeks of school , three weeks of vacation . Uh-huh . And , uh , in , and in the summer would be more like a two month , two month break . Right . So , and they hope to boost the , they hope to boost the learning of the children . I see . Just the retention of the material for them . So , uh , Kind of scattering the vacation out , throughout the year . Yeah , 