That 's right and it always makes you feel like you 're a bigger person than the kids , right ? Oh , oh , yeah . Well , I need all the height I can get . Yeah , I do too . So to be taller than some of the boys in the bigger grades , Oh , yeah . uh , older grades , I had to wear heels . Uh-huh . Yeah , we too . Um , if it was real- , it looked really dangerous then I would wear boots but then I would change , um , into heels , Uh-huh . as soon as I got to my desk . So , um , Of course , we wear , uh , an unlined boots , you know , it has a heel on it . They 're the kind of boots that I wear to work and we wear them , you know , they 're a leather boot that you wear and as I said they have a regular heel on them , high heel . Oh . And they wear them , we wear them a lot with shirts and things . Uh , it 's kind of a , I ca n't say constant down here in Texas that you wear these boots . They 're not a cowboy boot , but they 're just a real pretty boot , but they keep your feet nice and toasty from the rain . Oh . As I have a private high school that I run here and so when I 'm interviewing a parent , of course I feel like I need to wear heels -- Sure . Uh-huh . -- you know , and look like I 'm a business person . Uh-huh . Yeah . You know , because the children will tease about where 's your motorcycle , if you wear boots too often , you know . Huh . Well , um , Of course , you probably wear coats a lot . Yeah , um , the first two years I was in a room where they did n't heat it . So I did , Oh , my goodness so then you had to . Yeah , and then the third year we , um , got heating so it was nice . Yes . Then things improved , right ? Right , uh-huh . But of course , here we wear a light weight jacket a lot you know , you know , Oh , that 's nice . and , uh , that 's very seldom we , it depends upon our winter . We have a few days you might wear a coat , winter coat , you know , but most of the time you can wear a sweater and we just do n't wear coats much . We often laugh about even when it turns chilly . We 're wearing something lightweight or no jacket because we 're so used to running around like that . Uh-huh . Oh . Nice . Well , It 's really different . Let 's put it that way . Are you not teaching anymore ? 