I pay a good deal of taxes I guess , because I , I make a fair amount of money , and , uh , the taxes that I pay , um , I guess as a , as a general statement , I feel I , I guess I get my money 's worth for . Okay . I 'm not sure , though , whether I feel , I guess I am sure that I feel that , in general , though , uh , the allocation , uh , of the taxes in certain areas , i , is n't correct . Well , I 'm sure that , uh , probably every person in this country would agree with you on that . Because everybody has a different idea of where the money should go . Well , I , I , lately , I guess , um , uh , or , at least for the last twenty years or so , I 've felt that the expenditures of our taxes into high cost , uh , defense items , at least in the last ten years , have been , uh , there 's been and extraordinary amount of money spent there , and I 'm not really sure that , that we 've gotten our money 's worth there , uh , regardless of the outcome of the Desert Storm , uh , Uh-huh . Desert Shield , uh , situations . Yeah . Uh , I guess my particular beef is that having participated in the mi- , military off and on over the , over the years of being called back and things of that nature , is , uh , I 've found that , you know , there 's an extraordinary amount of waste . I take that as a , as a given in any military operation and -- Oh yeah , no argument here . -- yeah , and I gue , I , I should imagine that , that , that what the , what the problem , why I , I 'm , I 'm a little concerned about today is that this , uh , rather , uh , quick and , and easy , I do n't know , I should n't say easy , rather quick victory in the , in , in the , uh , Mideast , uh , uh , over the , uh , Iraqis , uh , might lead us into , uh , a false sense of security that we can do that against any other foe . I 'm , I , I do n't know what other foe that would be , but , uh , I , I 'm just getting nervous again , now hearing the voices come up that there has to be increased expenditures in that area . Yeah , well , of course , uh , a lot of , uh , a lot of w- , missiles and things were expended in the course of fighting the war , 