And I read the whole damn book while I was home hauling out , you know , like ten-gallon buckets of , of water and waiting for the roof to collapse and , Uh-huh , you 're reading DUNE . reading about these guys wearing their little free man still suits and , I think that 's probably my favorite of , of any piece of science fiction that I 've ever read . That was a movie too , was n't it ? And the movie was awful . Was it ? Oh , yes , it was just terrible . Yeah , I 'd , I did n't see it but , uh , yeah . It was , it was beyond , uh , Patrick Stewart was in that . I guess the guy that 's on the new STAR TREK series was in that thing , uh . I do n't know , I just remember Sting was in it . Oh , really ? . Yeah , and if you were trying to follow any type of , uh , plot , it , it total- , even having read the book , and I 've read that book probably three times , Uh-huh . watching that movie , I could n't figure out , Could n't , what they were talking about , at all . Yeah . I was real disappointed in that . Well , I 'll tell you another good book , do you like scary things ? Um , well , some history , Have you , books are pretty scary , but , yeah . That 's true . Have you read , THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? No . Somebody who , Oh . saw the movie here the other day told me it was the most terrifying thing they 'd ever seen , they did n't sleep all night . Well , see I , I am debating whether or not I want to go see the movie after having read the book . Yeah . I mean the book is , is chilling . Yeah , I have , Just chilling . no , uh , I do n't have the foggiest notion what it 's about , so . Then I wo n't tell you . Okay , yeah . But , It 's just that if you 're ever , ever really want to just be scared out of your wits , Uh-huh , that 's the one . That 's the one . Yes . Even better than JAWS and some of that ? Yes , because the cat- , the , the character that is so horrible is another human being . And you 're just drawn into his , his horror , of him that you , Yeah . begin to kind of like him . Oh . I mean , A , a Freddy Kruger type , huh ? 