Yeah , I read quite a bit , probably do n't read as much as I would like to . I do n't read as much as I would like to either . I 'm , I 'm a single mom , but I have always loved reading . Uh-huh . What do you like to read ? Um , well um , I 'm a , I 'm a counselor , a therapist by trade , so most of my books are , um , I guess what you 'd call self improvement type of books . That what I 've been reading lately a lot of . Um , my interests switch around dramatically . I used to read just , mainly fic- , fiction , and now I , lik- , like a said , I 've read a lot of self , self help books . Uh-huh . What kind of things have you read ? Oh , I read all kinds of things for , um , helping people survive a divorce . Uh-huh . Uh , THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED was probably one of my favorites . Have you read that ? Uh , I have n't gotten through it yet . You have n't ? No . Okay , what would you recommend ? Um , as far as dealing with divorce ? Oh , I 'm kind of getting that one past me , but a good self help book . Good self help . Yeah . Well , um probably the best one that I , I know of and I work with all the time is called SEARCH FOR SIGNIFICANCE -- Um , that sounds good . -- by Robert McGee -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's one that we use in our work . It 's probably one you 'd find in like a Christian book store . I do n't know what the chains are down there . Maybe in the mall family book store , something like that . Uh-huh . I 'm writing it down . That does soun , that 's sound really good . Um , what kind of counseling do you do , or should we stay on the topic of books ? Um , probably should stay on the topic , but that has a little bit to do with some of the things that I read . MUMBLEx . I 'm a therapist for Rossa . It 's a Christian treatment organization -- Oh . -- and because of that I see , uh , work with adolescents specifically , so I see a lot of kids with , with various problems . Right now some of the things I 'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse , so a lot of the books I 've been reading have to do with helping them get through those issues . Oh , I would imagine helping them feel good about themselves they 're at a bad stage anyway , and then to have to deal with sexual abuse -- Uh-huh . -- would be terrible , as a teen . That 's , uh , MUMBLEx that must be a wonderful feeling to be in that profession and be able to make a contribution like that . Well , sometimes it 's rewarding , and , and sometimes it 's a struggle . Oh , I 'm sure , I 'm sure . Uh , what oth , is , is that just the only type of reading you 've been doing , or do you , have you read any good novels lately ? Um , I guess I 've got so many books like that that I need to read it 's , it 's hard for me to do a lot of , uh , just joy reading . Yeah . reading , yeah , reading just for enjoyment . I hear you there , that 's for sure . Um , In fact , I guess , the last book I 've read , my oldest daughter had to read LOST HORIZONS for her English class , Uh-huh . And I just realized I had never read it growing up . So , I just finished reading that for enjoyment . Um , that 's neat . And it wa , it was good . Um , she , she 's not , did n't enjoy it much , so I did n't get much satisfaction trying to discuss it with her . But I thought it was real interesting . Yeah , I 've always wanted to go back and read some of my literature texts from college -- Uh-huh . -- um , because I enjoyed some of those stories so much , but I never seem to have the time to do -- I know . -- that kind of reading . Yeah . Um , I trying to think of some of my other favorite books , but , I , I keep lists , I must have a list of , oh , two hundred , three hundred books that I want to read . Uh-huh . Just like , MUMBLEx I want to read that and I write it down . 