All right . Um , there was a crime here in McKinney , Uh-huh . uh , a rather heinous murder . There was no um , remorse shown by , uh , at least one of the perpetrators . Uh-huh . And yet , for whatever reason , um , his crime was not considered a capital crime . Uh-huh . An , and quite honestly I , I feel very strongly that the , man ha , the has no redeeming social values and if , if and when he comes , gets free again , Uh-huh . he will have no compunction but to complete that , that same kind of lifestyle , I mean continue that same kind of lifestyle , and perhaps do the same thing again . So , it really bothers me that there 's not a way of getting him out of the way forever . Really , I think that , I do n't know , I don- , I do n't think our prison system is n't set up , where we , um , rehabilitate , or , you know , restore anybody . I think it 'll only make them worse , but , I , I believe that God can come in and change a person 's heart and genuinely change it , but , that does n't negate that you do reap what you sow . And if you do kill a person and it is , you know , you 're found to be guilty , I believe God establishes the authority of our court system and I believe that , you know , that I do believe that capital punishment is , uh , alternative . Even , you know , God can still change your heart but that does n't mean , like the alcoholic that charges up all the bills on the credit card , or the shopaholic , you know you get your life right with God but you still have to pay your Visa bill . That 's , that 's right . You still have to , you know , so , but God sent us his grace and they give pardons but I believe if it 's a genuine conversion , there 's a genuine , and those prison people know , they know a genuine turnaround in a person 's character , they see that . But , yeah . And , I , I worked in a prison in Fort Worth . Did you ? Yeah , I have a degree in social work . You see it , you know the ones that have a genuine character change . Uh-huh . It is obvious . And they know that . They 're , they 're not going to pardon someone from the governor , you know what I 'm saying , they 're not going to go , without going through every channel of authority in the prison . So I feel like you know , that 's is , there is occasions where there are , they do spare lives and , you know , I leave that with the governor , who , of course , is going to go through every authority because they want to be be reelected , so Yes but , my concern is , first of all that not all , all persons who I think , should be receiving capital , uh , Uh-huh . whatever , capital , uh , tha- , uh , th- , uh , hum , 