Okay , all set , then . Uh , what do you think about it ? Uh , I think it 's a real good concept . Uh , drug testing procedures would have to be refined . Uh-huh . From what I 've seen on the news , there 's a , a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy , poor procedure in , uh , drug testing . Oh , I did n't realize that . Yeah . Uh , there have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their , in their , uh , test , but they did n't know for sure what it was , but it was a drug , so they got turned down and , uh , turns out it was a prescription . Or people getting somebody else 's blood test . Uh-huh . Same sort of problem that happens -- Okay . -- sometimes is these , some of these , uh , like AIDS tests and such . Uh-huh , yeah , that 's right , I have heard , uh , I do n't remember what they call it , sort of like a positive , negatives or some , some kind of word they use when a , uh , you get a , uh , a positive indication of drugs , but there 's not really , there were n't really any there . Yeah . Uh , every now and then there 's an error and people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated . Oh , yeah . Yeah . I , I work here at Texas Instruments so , uh , we , we do a , let me think , do we , yeah , everyone coming in . I guess I did three years ago . Yeah . Everyone coming in , uh , goes through the drug testing procedure and -- Uh-huh . -- they talk about it as a , you know , as , as better for the country and better for the working conditions . So -- Yeah . -- if they , uh , they test for drugs . I , I 'm , I ca n't even remember if we do random sampling anymore . I know we did in the military , but -- Yeah . -- I do n't know if once you 're in they continue to do it , but I guess you 're always on call for it . Yeah , I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart -- Uh-huh . -- and about a year and a half ago they instituted a , uh , a , uh , drug testing program , uh , well drug and alcohol testing program . It 's , it 's not a random -- Uh-huh . -- through the s- , it , as each employee comes in -- Uh-huh . -- part of the hiring procedure is a , a blood test . Uh , but -- B- , -- MUMBLEx I think the big problem , though , is , is they send these off to large labs -- Uh-huh , right . -- and then they have thousands and thousands of samples that , uh , going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up , things like that . So your big beef with it is the , uh , It 's MUMBLEx . 