Tha- , that 's true , that 's true . I , I do n't know what amount of , what amount of , our hardware would stop some fanatic , I guess , from doing anything , uh , that would be irrational . Well , of course now , we used up twenty per cents , per cent of that inventory , Right . in a matter of just a few weeks , Yeah . and , uh , uh , uh , T I also makes the missile , which was the , the T V laser guided bombs -- Yeah . -- and , and , a big percentage of that was expended , as well , that n- , that w- , that was just a matter of , Oh , what is the name of that ? Uh , it 's called Paveway . Yes , yes . And , uh , a big percentage of that was used up during that conflict also . So tho- , those are two areas in which T I stands to , to gain some , some short term business to restock that . Yeah , well , uh , I 'm , what I 'm , uh , I guess uh , it , concerned about , talking about the taxes in general , and that , that was an area that I , I perceive as not being the best expenditure for the amount of dollar that we 're taxed for , uh , in the area of defense , or perhaps we have paid too much there , I do n't know , it just seems to me that over the years , now , the , and , and it 's , it 's a cliche , I , I , but I see it myself , I see where the infrastructure is sort of breaking down , the roads , the highways . Oh , no doubt . I , I , I do n't know , uh , I kn , I 'm familiar with some , some upbeat school areas , so I do n't totally agree with the , the great , uh , uh , with the , with the great ex- , expenditure of effort and time there , but I guess overall , because I guess I 'm not associated with what ghetto schools , and , and , uh , and , uh , rural school systems are like , I , I should imagine that would take an enormous expenditure . Yeah , as a matter of fact , in Texas , um , we 've had our school funding system declared unconstitutional by the , a state judge , and they , and , uh , the legislature just passed what they called a Robin Hood Bill , which , basically , what it does , is it takes extra money from the more affluent school districts , that are , that are , you know come from local taxes -- Uh-huh . -- and send them to other parts of the state , that are not so affluent . They , they do n't have a broad based income tax that funds the educational system , Uh , well , or is it all funded out of local taxes ? okay , to g , to give you some perspective , this , this town that I had lived in for sometime in nineteen eighty-three was funded sixty-five per cent by state funds . Yeah . Then we had a number of education reforms , that the legislature said , hey , we got to do this , we got to do this , we got to do this , but , they forgot to put in the state budget the money to pay for it , 