I , when my kids were real little , I was at home for a couple of different periods of time . Uh-huh . Oh , I think the longest was less than a year , but still at least I was able to , to spend , you know , those first months with them . Right . But , uh , I mostly went back to work because I was tired of doing without things . Yeah . You know , the money was the issue . But , uh , even now , I would , I would like to not have to work in some ways . Right . It , it 's kind of pull and tug , Yeah . on the other hand , I ca n't imagine just being at home , uh , although I have a lot of interests and a lot of things I would like to pursue . Uh-huh . Uh , still , uh , there 's , there 's sort of a feeling of accomplishment with having , you know , a job and all that goes with that . No , that , that 's definitely true . In fact , I , I work out of my home . Um , I 'm an accountant , Oh . and I do taxes and bookkeeping and I , uh , it was , it 's a way for me to stay home . Uh-huh . And I mean , I still , unfortunately have to be very disciplined in doing my work at five in the morning and ten o'clock at night , Yeah . but , uh , but it , it 's worked out for , for my family , Yeah . to have my cake and eat it too , kind of thing . Yeah , that 's a good deal . Where do you think this is going in the future , I mean , do you think things are going to change , or are we going to keep having to try to juggle all of this ? Well , I , I hope that they will change uh , but , but I 'm , I just , I know it 's going to be a slow change . Uh , I , I feel as though a lot of people are going back to just having a one wage earner . I mean I 'm just thinking of my circle of people that I know . I know quite a few people who have decided to not have both , both , both , uh , couples , you know , both , uh , of the parents work . Yeah . And yet , uh , I , I we- , I hope to see employer based , you know , helping out . Uh-huh . You know , child , uh , care centers at the place of employment and , and things like that , that will help out . What do you think , do you think we are , 