I do it to taste . Uh-huh . Sure . And , Sometimes those are the best ones , Well yeah , but it , it 's like , it 's just chicken , it , it 's , as much as you want , you know torn up -- Uh-huh . -- and , and rice and cream of chicken soup -- Uh-huh . -- and some mayonnaise and lemon juice -- Uh-huh . -- and celery and that 's it , and some hard-boiled eggs . Yeah . Ooh , that sounds good . And that 's it . You just mix it all together and pop it in the oven just to , you know , heat it through . Uh-huh . And you sprinkle , uh , that , those , uh , toasted onion rings . Oh , yeah . Those are good are n't they ? . On top of it for the crunchy . Uh-huh . And that 's it , you know . Um . And it , it , it goes -- That sounds good . -- and it 's filling because of the rice . Right . So , You cook the rice before you put it in ? Uh-huh . Yeah . Yeah . I bet the mayonnaise in there makes it really , kind of gives it a -- Yeah , it gives it a , an extra -- -- tang that would be good . -- yeah , little tang . I guess I would now use the , the new mayonnaise free . Yeah , that cholesterol fat free ? Yeah . That 's really wonderful that they 're coming out with so many -- Uh-huh . -- new things like that because like I told my husband this summer , I love to eat , you know , chicken salad and tuna salad -- Uh-huh . -- and stuff like that and , and , you know , basically it certainly a l , low calorie , you know , good thing except then you put your mayonnaise in there and spoil the whole thing . I know . You know and now it 's , it 's , it 's okay and you can even , I used to just put a tiny bit in . Well now , I 'm just putting more and more in . I do n't like tuna salad unless it 's got lots of mayonnaise in it . Yeah , and it 's only , it used to be like a hun- , hundred calories per tablespoon and now it 's like twelve . Yeah . Oh ! I know . I just think that 's the best thing to have happened , I 'm just so excited about that . Anyway . Yeah , we did the low-cal stuff . Well with my kids I do n't , they get enough sugar and -- Yeah . -- stuff anyway . Mine are bouncing off the walls normally anyway . Yes . And they do n't need any added help . Right . So , when we 're here at home , you know , with sweets and stuff , they , they do n't , we do n't really do that much . 