but . Yeah , uh , you know , that 's a good way to approach it . I 've never thought about , um , I do plan my clothes a week in advance . Actually , I plan them a month in advance . I usually do a month at a time , so I do n't repeat an outfit . Uh-huh . But , um , I 've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday , because really no one 's paying attention . But anyway , um , I really , I do n't work outside of school . Um , I work in the computer lab at school so I can just wear whatever I have on for school , an , and , um , and really it 's , I try to dre , dress presentable but very comfortable . Right . Like , um , in the warm weather it 's always shorts and a t-shirt or a button up or something like that and then in the winter time it 's jeans or , or pants . I usually , uh , you know , college is so casual , you really do n't want to dress up unless you , you , uh , have a job and you have to be there right after school or something like that , so . Right . Like where I work , it 's , it 's pretty casual , uh , it 's , it 's , I guess it 's more like a , a college campus also , I mean there 's hundre- , you know , hundreds of people work for T I . Yeah . And , uh , a lot of people just , just wear jeans and , and , uh , sweats all the time and they dress up like when customers are coming in , or , uh , when we have department meetings or something like that . And , uh , you know , a lot of people like those that work in the legal department for their , the real , uh , higher ups , Uh-huh . like the the , lawy- , the T I lawyers , and , uh , those that work for the , the higher executives , those secretaries . They , uh , they really dress up all the time . Oh . So there 's a good combination in the hallways all the time , you know . Well that 's good that they 're so casual . Yeah . I mean , uh , my brother works for T I and he 's a computer programmer , or computer engineer . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , uh , you know , whenever he was going to school , he was expecting to having to wear , uh , a tie or a dress shirt everyday . But , uh , he goes to work in his blue jeans , t-shirt , Uh-huh . and tennis shoes , and he just loves it . And that 's very acceptable at T I . Yeah . I believe at I B M they , they make you wear a blue suit and , uh , some kind of colored shirt and a tie . That 's what I 've heard . Uh-huh , I wo , I would hate to be in that atmosphere . But , uh , I mean , they , they just moved into the new building , he calls it the new building . I do n't know , it 's where all the executives are . Uh-huh . And , um , and so they were , they were going to try to take their blue jean code with them and trying to get all the , all the upper level to start wearing blue jeans . But , he just left for Italy today at four , Oh . and he 'll be over there until July first setting up some kind of computers for them . I see . Over in T , I mean for T I but over in Italy . Yeah , oh , T I is everywhere . Oh , yeah , he was so excited about going . Uh-huh . But , uh , he did n't carry any ties or anything because he , he just went over there with the that attitude , well if I do n't take it then they wo n't make me wear it . That 's true , that 's a good idea . Because , uh , he just , he did n't , you know , he 's not really into all that . He would wear it if he had to for his job and all but , you know , if he had the preference , I mean his , his preference is , um , blue jeans and a t-shirt , so . Uh-huh . But I think that 's great about T I , and also , uh , to get off the clothing , the smokers , you know , how they have the , The , no , 