I 've got a , had a grandmother who had a stroke . And she was in a nursing home for four or five years before she died . Oh . And , you know , it 's the type of thing that she was living down in Florida . My in- , families was up in Maryland -- Uh-huh . -- and the other part of her family was up in , uh , New York state . Right . And , you know , it was very difficult for either them or my grandfather to take care of her since she was , uh , you know , could not do very much for herself after the stroke . Right . And , you know , the nursing home was the , you know , best facility to put her in . Uh-huh . You know , besides moving her up which is not a practical solution since both my parents work and both my , uh , aunts and uncle work . Right . Which means it 's , you know , very difficult for some- , you essentially need to have someone taking care of the person full-time . Right . And , you know , there 's also a lot of medical problems that ca n't always be completely handled in the home . Right . Which makes it , you know , it 's a necessary evil I think . Uh-huh . It sure is . And some of the really nice ones that really take care of their people are so expensive . Because -- Yeah . -- cause they can afford to hire the people that are really going to care for the older . Yeah . And , you know , even there you have to watch out for , you know , you get one person who 's a little bit dishonest working in there and , you know , the elderly sometimes have a lot of jewelry -- Oh , yeah . -- and other stuff that just very easily tends to disappear in the nursing homes . Right . My grandfather passed away several years ago . I was much younger . But , uh , he was in the nursing home the last several years of his life and someone visited him every day . My grandmother did . But , uh , if she could n't , someone visited him every day . It was in a very small town nursing home . Uh-huh . And , uh , people did n't get paid much there at all . They did n't care about what went on . Yeah . They would let a , let a patient get a lot of bed sores . Uh-huh . And , uh , the , the people living in the nursing home would have all kinds of needs that would n't get met because they were just old people . And then , the nurses and doctors really did n't put any for , forth any loving care for them . Either that or they 're just so understaffed that they ca n't afford -- Right . -- to put in the , uh , care that they need . Right . Cause it 's , you know , an elderly person can , you know , it 's like a newborn baby . You need -- Uh-huh . -- to have twenty-four hour care -- 