Wow . and he got to do it and so God just really blesses him in ways like that , do trust God because , I do n't know , kids are a blessing and , and some people MUMBLEx you know , we think of blessings as nice furniture and things like that , but kids are just as much of a blessing inside these material things but it 's a different kind and a lot times people think , oh , well , I 'm not blessed I have an old car . But you 've got five kids , you know , Uh-huh . you 're just as blessed , probably more , because if you follow this , there 's a good book called WHAT THE BIBLE HAS TO SAY ABOUT CHILD TRAINING , Uh-huh . by Richard Fugate and he 's , you know , a lot of wisdom in it . And the kids at BIBLE talk about anything but training , and training is different than anything else in , in psychology does n't address it . A lot of the psychology stuff , the good stuff that 's in psychology it just comes out of the BIBLE and they do n't quote you the proverb out of it , but the things that work in psychology other the years that they 've proven to work , they just come out of the BIBLE and so this book it just really MUMBLEx all these things and how to train the child so they 're not going to be a curse to you when they 're thirteen . Uh-huh . What I mean how to train them so they 're going to be a blessing and so , you know , they do that and they , they just live lean pretty much they do n't , she does n't shop at Foley 's you know , and stuff like that . But a lot women die or shop at Foley 's so things , I , I do n't know what Foley 's is . It 's like a Macy 's , Uh-huh . kind of store , it 's pretty nice and everything 's pretty expensive and , you know , you just ca n't do that and you do n't go to baseball games as much or you get pictures like we did . You know what I mean ? Yeah . You do these fun things , you know , in other kinds of ways and I know Manhattan 's real expensive but , um , it 's kind of a different situation because you 're probably living in an apartment , right ? Yeah , well , that makes a really big difference . But , Yeah . but , still it 's just as hard as having , that , but MUMBLEx your cousin could have a baseball team with twelve kids . Well , MUMBLEx church MUMBLEx softball leagues , so , Uh-huh . 