Type of music is hot down in Texas ? Uh , well , I do n't know exactly what 's hot down in Texas . I know what 's hot down here with me , so that 's about all I can feel apt to discuss with you since I just know , I do n't ever listen to the radio and that 's usually what 's hot around here so , Oh , okay . So , what kind of music do you like ? Uh , mostly folk music . Folk music . Yeah , I find myself , uh , listening to a lot of , uh , uh , either old timer or New England , uh , dance bands as well as , uh , just more popular folk music and new artists coming up . Uh-huh . Well , we 're on totally different wavelengths . Okay . I 'm more , uh , old rock and roll , uh , some new , newer , I guess you would call it heavy metal rock and roll type -- Uh-huh . -- you know , uh , Van Halen , that kind of thing . Yeah , what about , uh , classic rock type stations . Uh , I do n't listen to the radio at all . We live in a fairly small town , so -- Oh , okay . -- uh , classic rock for me is what I have , which is like , uh , Doors , Eagles , Jimmy Hendrix . So , some -- Uh , -- some of the older Eagles stuff was good . Yeah . I , I did n't like , uh , they started getting a little more , you know , the type of music , at least to me , it 's , uh , sounds like it 's only sounds good at a high volumes and I do n't like listening at high volumes . Yeah . Yeah . But , uh , some of their older s- , stuff was , uh , you know , quite enjoyable to me . Yeah , well they , You know , Ho- , Hotel California and that era . Yeah , yeah that does , that 's something you do n't , does n't even sound good loud really . You know . Yeah . You know , definitely . Uh , so , anything new you like coming out now , other than folk music , some I might know of . I do n't know any folk music at all . Well , down in Texas , uh , you know , little , listen to a little country every now and then . Yeah , oh yeah , here , I 'm sure there 's a lot of that down there . Oh , plenty . Way , way more than I can stand down here . I , I do n't care for it at all , that Texas twang or whatever you want to call it . I , Well , there , there 's a Conway Twitty twang , then there 's the , uh , Dolly Parton , uh , Hollywood sound . Yeah , yeah , that 's more , even more commercialized for of -- Yeah . -- country music . But , uh , it 's getting , uh , uh , getting pretty big everywhere , as I see it . Garth Brooks is outselling Guns and Roses so , Yeah , I think some of them , the artists are even , uh , hitting the pop charts . Yeah , it 's , it 's kind of strange that it 's getting as big as it is . Concert tours for country and western sings is , it 's , it 's quite , quite odd , but , uh , I do n't know , 