And essentially what happened was , I think it was like in the , um , tax year of eighty-one , um , Ronald Reagan basically said , you know , I 'm going to give this much of a tax cut to the tax payers and , and , created this , this ludicrous budget that he knew , that , that , um , that the Congress would not in their right mind pass -- Right . -- and Con- , Congress , realizing that they were going to lose a , the Democratic Congress realized that they were going to lose a propaganda war , you know , bye-bye , you know , bye-bye removing the tax cut -- Uh-huh . -- further cut the taxes and created , you know , that , that , that , you know , created the huge deficit that year which moved us into the trillion dollar deficit . Right . And you just , MUMBLEx . You , you just have to wonder what they 're thinking in Washington . I mean , it 's just like they 're playing chicken with a loaded gun . Yeah , uh , well , it 's , it 's more than a loaded , it 's a loaded cannon . I mean -- Yeah . -- they 've got trillions of dollars to spend every year , and they , in my opinion , do n't do a very responsible job -- Uh-huh . -- of spending that money . Well , yeah , um , what really bothers me is it just seems like if , if anyone were to say , you know , well I 'm going to raise taxes and cut the budget and we 're MUMBLEx , we 're going to have to do some unpopular things , I mean , he would n't have a chance of getting elected . I mean , it 's kind of like Rome and the bread and circuses thing , you know -- Uh-huh . -- where people just want , want to have , you know , whatever will make them feel good , right now , you know . For , for the moment , and that 's what really is getting me about what George Bush 's stand on the budget is right now -- Uh-huh . -- is that he is saying , I am going to give you this ludicrous little tax cut so that you 'll be happy come November , and you 'll elect me again -- Uh-huh . -- and then I 'm going to go on and just forget everything that I said -- Uh-huh . -- or you know , it does n't seem that it 's going to make much of a difference . Uh-huh . It , I mean , I do n't know , I I do n't , I do n't think George Bush will make the American people happy with ninety-seven cents a week . No , no , not at all . I just do n't think it was a well thought out incentive . No . 