but , uh -- You have to , -- I do n't know how we got the subject , MUMBLEx . I do n't either . I have nothing to say about this . I do n't either . I was , I almost hung up , because I thought , well , gosh , I do n't , I do n't really have an opinion except for no , I think that 's dumb . Uh-huh . But , uh , Well , how long you been in San Antonio ? I 've been here for , um , just almost , fiv- , well , no , almost four years . Um , okay . And I lived with Dana in school . Oh , okay . That 's how we know each other . And , uh , you , you were just up there then , huh . Uh-huh , last weekend . We went to Six Flags Saturday . Oh , okay . Had a good old time . Well , that 's good . Well , back to the topic at hand . What other types of community service would they be talking about . I mean , the , the recording mentioned the Peace Corps . Well , it sounded like , I mean , this is like major long term commitment , like a year -- Yeah . -- or six months , or , so you 're looking at the Peace Corps or sabbatical maybe , or , you know , I do n't know , I mean , but , uh , I mean , I 'm all for donating my time to worthy causes , like I do some volunteer work here and there , and every once in a while I 'll do , uh , a , uh , local Big Brother Big Sister thing . Uh-huh . Or I 'll go , you know , do a MUMBLEx . But that , that time is minuscule compared to what , what , Yeah . MUMBLEx they were referring to . Yeah , I could n't possibly commit a year or two of my life to , to go do something . Yeah , yeah , they could n't cover my hourly rate . I could n't afford it . No kidding . But , uh , I have this thing against bugs , too . And seems to me like the Peace Corps , they send you someplace that there 's a lot of bugs MUMBLEx . Yeah , Africa . Yeah , have to live in a shack with no air conditioning and no medicine and no anything . I 'd probably catch a terrible disease and die . Yeah , well . I doubt that , but , you know how it is MUMBLEx . W- , I , I mean , it would , it would have to be tough going somewhere you do n't know the culture , usually , I guess . Yeah . I think that maybe that 's why some people do it is , uh , to see the other cultures or , you know and some of that . Uh-huh . But , uh , to do that , I do n't know , I 'd have to be , I do n't know . Oh , I do n't know either . MUMBLEx Growing up , all I knew was you go to high school , you , you know , you work , you go to college , you get out of college , and you get a good job and you work . And , and none of this , you go spend two years in the Peace Corps to ex- , to broaden your horizons . Uh-huh . Well , you know , uh , I know American Express , I 'm n- , I 'm working at American Express now , and they , after a certain amount of years of service , these employees can take off like six months or something , for some type of sabbatical or some , you know , some , something like that . Uh-huh . And they 're allowed to take that time off and then come back where they left off . Oh . So , it is something that I think , uh , you know , even the larger organizations will support . Uh , it 's , it 's really for the community to give , you know , to , to give back to the community type of thing . MUMBLEx . I do n't know , it 's for , I think , at the same it 's for some people to , you know , help them grow in other areas , Kind of like joining the military . Well , I mean , in that respect a lot of people join the military to , to grow up -- Yeah , m- , -- and to decide what they want to do , and the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as , as that kind of a time . Yeah , maybe a little bit in that perspective , but , uh , and a lot of people have gone in the military , I mean , you know , when they 're in the college . Sometimes it 's to sup- , help support college , you know , Uh-huh . the money . Uh , others , people do n't know what they want to do . But as far as , uh , you know , the Peace Corps . I guess , I suppose there 's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives . But I think a lot of it 's , you know , when the- , people get older , they 'll do something like that . I 'd probably have a different perspective if I actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps . Yeah . But I do n't . I , I , I do n't . and none of my , Did n't mean to cut you off there . Oh , that 's okay . N- , and none of my really close friends in college went off to be missionaries or anything . So I do n't really know anyone first hand that 's , that 's com , committed a chunk of their life to do service work . I , Everybody I know has been , well , I 'm going to go get a goo , good job and make some money and buy a nice car . So . Yeah , or , or try to make a living . Yeah . But , uh , 