Uh-huh . and I can remember very etched , etched clearly in my mind , uh , flying and coming up above the smog layer at about three thousand feet and looking back down and , and really being unbelieving at , Wow . what looked like a , uh , it just looked liked peanut butter . My word . Thick and brown and so on . And that was , a few years ago ? This was quite a few years ago . This was in the nineteen sixties . I , I wonder if it 's any better now . People say that it is somewhat better . Because they , uh , California has such strict rules , Right . um , about emissions and so on . Um , I , I do n't know if you he , re- , heard about the , uh , recent legislation in , uh , Colorado , uh , against a power company , uh , that 's actually on Indian land , I believe , but , uh , it has been ruled against , uh , regarding air pollution because they think that it 's causing terrible smog over the Grand Canyon . Um . And , um , particularly in the winter months . So they , it was , uh , a landmark case because it 's unusual to , um , I can , they , they were talking about shutting it down , or if it did n't comply and so on . So did it burn coal ? I do n't know that , the information is one of those wire services kind of news , pieces of news , you know , so it 's hard , I never did see the full story , so I do n't know . Yeah . But they said that , that it really caused so much smog over , uh , the Grand Canyon in the winter months that they could n't do the , uh , piloting , uh , you know , the helicopter trips and that sort of thing . Um . Which would be horrible , Yeah . because the , there 's nothing , I mean that 's such a spectacle . It would be a shame to ruin it . Yeah . Uh , what do you think individuals could do , or society could do to alleviate this problem . Uh , I do n't , uh , I do n't know whether we could do a whole lot as individuals . Uh , maybe just take good care of our cars , Right . and make sure we keep our pollution devices clean and all that sort of thing . Um , apart from that , I , I do n't know what we can do as individuals . What do you think we can do ? Uh-huh , you think , it 's more , more to society . Well I guess I kind of agree there . I , uh , on an individual basis there is n't a lot we can do about a lot of things but if we are concerned about it then we certainly can , uh , force , uh , government , uh , that we elect to deal more seriously with it . Yeah . And I do think that we have a responsibility there . I must admit I 'm not always real politically active but I do think that , um , Congress has backed down much too much on some of the air pollution standards . Yeah . And it 's brought the , they , uh , really listen to the , the , uh , lobbyist and , uh , the car manufacturing companies have , uh , you know , have really pushed , they , all those re- , restrictions are really too hard , we ca n't , we ca n't quite make that go and they do n't and then we still live with air pollution . Yeah . Um , so I suspect that that 's one thing that , that as individuals , we can do , make our voices known , perhaps to our legislators . But , um , as a society , I think we can do more and that 's probably how we ought to do it . Uh , individ- , being individually responsible as , uh , gro- , in order to be group responsible . Yeah , I guess I 'm , I 'm to the point where I 'm cynical enough that I really do n't believe anything will happen unless , unless there 's something economically justifiable about it . Right . And in the case of air pollution , it simply might turn out at some point down the road , to be so costly to have to live with air pollution in terms of health problems , Uh-huh . and everything else that we 'll spend the money that 's necessary to , uh , to get rid of the source of it . I suspect that the pub- , that there 's going to have to be a lot of pressure , uh , come to bear on the companies that deal with it and probably the only way that can happen is for , um , governments to realize that they have to pay if companies do n't . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know how long that , that will take . People also have to realize they ca n't have their cake and eat it . So , if you do n't want to burn coal for power , Sure . how about nucle , nuclear energy . Well we do n't want that either . Exactly , yeah , right . How about investing in the sun . Well nobody wants to pay twenty-five cents a kilowatt hour , I do n't think . Right . Uh , I probably would n't mind if it really came down to it . Well it 's just the same thing with the car , uh , uh , the gasoline , now is a wonderful time to smack a fifty cent a gallon tax on gasoline , Oh yes , yes , yes . so that we do n't , uh , run into the kind of problems we recently had and yet the government is not going to do that because people are too dependent and they do n't want , they do n't want to pay for it . So instead , we spend billions of dollars going to war . Yes . Uh , you know , wha- , however , it might have had other causes . 