well , Myrna , how do you get your news , news ? Uh , most of it is from the radio , uh , Uh-huh . and also from the news programs that we watch in the afternoon . Yeah . We usually watch the local news and the , the , uh , national news both . Uh-huh , yeah , I 'm pretty much the same . I , uh , I find that , uh , I 'm a graduate student and I , I read a lot for school and I find I have no patience to really read a newspaper because I just , I 'm reading so much all the time . And I really enjoy just sitting down and watching a news broadcast . Well you can always get up and leave that . Uh-huh , tha- , tha- , yeah , that 's true . Uh , I d , I just do n't seem to have time to sit down and read the paper . Either by the time I get home from work , Uh-huh . it 's already , you know , time for the news to come on . That 's right , yeah . So , it 's so much easier to sit there and besides , I can be doing other things and still listen to the news . Yeah , that 's right , I , I agree . That 's , a lot of times I eat while I 'm uh , watching the news . Yeah . Yeah , the same thing . Is there any , uh , what did you think about the coverage like over in the , uh , Persian Gulf ? I think they did a great job . Yeah , I thought so too , it was , it , you know , for a while when we were really interested , uh , we saw it all the time . Some of the stations I guess carried it for twenty-four hours for a couple of days there and then , you know , the special reports and the extended news coverage I thought was really good . Uh-huh . Yeah . And you could always find some channel that had something on but you did n't necessarily have to watch the same thing all the time . Yeah , right , yeah , just news , that 's right , yeah . Yeah , I noticed that one thing that , that T I did , you know , they had , uh , uh , they used to have , well they do have television monitors stationed throughout our buildings , Uh-huh . and they used to have a program called T News , and just updates of , of different things that were going on within T I . Well when all the , the mess with , uh , uh , in the Persian Gulf came about they started carrying C N N . Oh , yeah . Well now , they have had so much good response from this , Uh-huh . that T I now has C N N on all the time . Huh , well that 's great . So , we can always run upstairs and , you know , Uh-huh . ca , get a quickie update on what 's going on , if we really want to . Yeah , 