and I really sort of have the feeling that word processing is a big market for -- Oh , yeah . -- home computing . Yeah . Tha- , At wo- , at work , uh , I 'm a technologist , uh , and I , in the past , have done a great deal of , of , uh , system development just through , uh , software development programming . Uh , but now I find myself using the computer , even the computer at work is primarily a , uh , word processing system -- Uh-huh . -- and a communication system . Yeah , yeah . Do you use Email and like that ? Yes . Emil is , probably pulls down a third a- , of all my time . Yeah . It 's , I , I , uh , I have modem MUMBLEx night computer so I can log into the sys- , the , uh , network at Georgia Tech and access my account through there , which is , which can be useful . But , uh , yeah that 's , that and word processing is while I tend to , I mean , obviously , I do most of my , almost all of my report writing on , on my computer , uh , whether it 's term papers or even some smaller homework assignments . Uh-huh . So it 's , it 's really become , I do n't know , really become my mainstay I guess . I ca n't even remember , actually I do n't think I 've ever used a typewriter in , in my life to do a , a to do a report . Because my family , when I was growing up , we got a basic computer . T R S Eighty when they first came out . Uh-huh . And I even used that to do my first reports when I was in junior high , so . Huh . Well I 'm a old-timer . I did my Master 's thesis on , uh , a typewriter . Oh , yeah . Uh , I rented an I B M Selectric . Oh . And it was a pretty big deal . Yeah . It must have been tough . It 's a little bit strange for me . I , I did my Master 's thesis , uh , last year and I did that on a computer and it seems like , I just ca n't imagine how people did it before . It must have been just so much , so much work . Yeah . It , uh , well , you know , it 's just , it was just a completely different world then . Yeah . So , uh , MUMBLEx so yo- , you used your son 's Macintosh then ? Do you , do you find it , do you like that kind of computer ? I like it , yeah . I like it from a distance really . I , I see the packages on it , uh , that are available and it 's nice . I really do n't use it myself . Uh-huh . Uh , I , when I come home from work , I , I like to stay far away from -- Yeah . -- computers and electronic things . Huh . 