No , he would n't go howl , so all the , all the people that worked with the father ostracized him . Oh , how funny . It is . It , it , it 's , it 's real interesting to watch the show , and , and wh- , the relationship between the family is , is really now , Huh . now the mother-in-law lives in the house with them . So it 's , our , our grandson , our oldest grandson is the one that , that got us to watching it . But it really is , it moves real fast . It 's a real short , and there 's always , like I say , a moral to it and , It 's just a half hour , or is it hour ? Well , half hour . Oh . That , that 's all there is to it . And , and , uh , they ... There 's not many half hour shows , it seems like that , Yeah , it , it , they , they 're trying to liken the , the father in there of the teenage son to like JACKIE GLEASON SHOW . Uh-huh . Uh , the way he talks to his mother-in-law and so forth , and I guess maybe there are some parts of that , but I did n't really see that in there . But what I 've read about it , they talk about that . But anyway , we 've , we 've enjoyed that , and , and , uh , I guess mostly I , I like the news shows too , the news magazines , like SIXTY MINUTES or TWENTY , Yeah , no , I watch those if I , TWENTY or PRIME TIME LIVE or something like that , you know , all , all of those shows , if I can do it , but my husband likes to watch , um , old movies , especially war movies , or , or , uh , sports , which I 'm not , Oh , see , I like sports . No , I do n't . Well , I , I do , I like ice skating and I like , uh , gymnastics , Uh-huh . and some track and field , but I , I , and I 'll watch snippets of baseball games and I , I just do n't have that much time to sit and watch the whole thing . Uh-huh . And I do n't ever , no matter what 's on , I do n't ever just sit and watch T V . I 'm usually either doing dishes , or I may be sewing , or , you know , I know . I always have , or letter writing , or I may be working around in the room somehow , but I do n't , I do n't ever just sit and , I , that 's something that comes from your old age , you know . No , 