an . I , uh , I , I like the way it is . Yeah . It 's , uh , being , see , we 're from Houston and so it 's not so hard for people , you know , you 've been married three or so years and you do n't have kids , well it 's okay , no- , nobody does . But you come to a place like Belton , and th- , a lot of the kids here get married out of high school . Uh-huh . It 's real small town , and i- , and a lot of people in our su- , we 're the only couple in our Sunday School class , except for one other couple , who are in their forties , and they ca n't have children , who do n't have children . And they ca n't imagine why we would want to have children . And , I 'm going well , you know , there 's more to life , you know , there 's life in there that 's , you know , not everybody has to have kids , and , I 'd rather spend the time with my husband than , you know , spending time , here , it 's your turn , you know . Yeah , but , you know , that , now even whenever I was coming up and everything and we got married right out of high school , well a year after I got out of high school , Uh-huh . and , uh , I did n't have kids for four and a half years but that was because I wanted to work and I was n't ready for kids . Yeah , I think that 's what it is , I 'm not either . And , everybody thought , oh , my gosh , what is the matter with her , you know . They 're probably going , oh , I bet she ca n't get pregnant Right , I mean they thought that it was terrible , you know , and then when I 'd tell them , you know , well I 'm just not ready for children yet , oh , but that , you know , you better , you better just get ready now . Yeah . Well you do n't just get ready . But I was kind of odd because as a general rule the people that married during my time , they had kids within a year . Yeah . And I just was not ready for kids . I wanted to get out and work a little bit and I wanted to travel and stuff like that , which we did . And , uh , kids did n't fit in right then , but , it 's getting more and more like that where there 's more and more couples and , really , if you do n't want the kids , then it 's not the time to have , I do n't care what anybody tells you . Right . And I think that more and more the attitude 's getting that a way . Because that 's like my daughter now , she says that , you know , maybe when she 's thirty she might want a child then . Yeah . And , uh , even though I 'd like to have grandchildren , I can see her point . Yeah , Steve 's mom finally , uh , finally s , you know , said that , that God will take care of us when it 's our time . Right . She finally admitted , you know , she finally told me it 's okay if you do n't , but it took every nerve in her body to say that because she 's from a very , very old fashioned family . Uh-huh . And , she stayed home and raised her kids and , and she expected all of her kids to do that too , and their wives and to be the , the housewife and have dinner ready by five and , and , you know , be there at every beck and call and , I was raised totally opposite . How we got together , I do n't know , but . Because my mother had six girls , and , you know , she worked too . Yeah . And , I guess I just and I saw how life was when she stayed home and it was rough , it was hard , and , uh . Yeah , and it really is , I know , just like now , you know , there 's , there 's so much more now . All my income goes for things like luxuries , I mean , it really does . Uh-huh . Accept for what we give to my daughter , to , you know , put her through college and stuff . But the rest of it we just buy things like boats , or we go on trips , or , you know , just -- Right . -- the more or less like entertainment stuff , but . 