Uh-huh . And I , I really think that we 're , we 're falling by the wayside with not incarcerating these people . Oh , I agree . I think that people are getting off too easy . They 're getting , they 're getting paroled too easily . Uh , uh . They 're just getting , uh , put on probation or something , because the prisons do n't have enough room so they get , they get lighter sentences , Yeah , exactly . and some of those people , they do n't deserve to be let loose . And , uh , you know , they had , uh , in fact on the news last night we were watching this , uh , man who lost his ten year old daughter . He ran out to the store for a few minutes and he had left her home alone . Sh- , now ten years old , she 's old enough to be alone for a few minutes , you know . Oh , yeah . And while he was gone , he had looked , went looking for a job and stopped at the store , that 's what it was . And , uh , someone who was in the neighborhood cleaning carpets , these two men , went in , raped the girl , murdered her , Oh my gosh . and the whole bit . And one of the men got , uh , I think it was seventeen years and the other one was in for , uh , life imprisonment . Uh-huh . The one that was in for the seventeen years , actually served seven , and he 's out . Uh , that 's terrible . And the man said , that , you know , if it were n't for the fact that he would go to jail , that he would eliminate this person himself . Uh-huh . And then go to McDonalds and have a hamburger and not thing a thing , think a thing about it . And I mean , I think that what this is going to lead to is people will take things into their own hands . Yeah . And that innocent people , I , I should n't say innocent , because I mean , ac- , actually if they commit a crime that they 're in the same circumstances but , Uh-huh . the reasons that they 're doing it compared to the reason someone else is in jail for it , you know , it 's like two different things . Yeah . Sometimes when you lose someone that you really love , you do some crazy things yo- , I do n't know , Right , 