Huh . it 's fun . I probably could n't do that because of my knee . Uh-huh , bad knee . Yeah . Um , and , uh , I do toning a lot and , uh , some , every once in a while I play tennis , Yeah . I 'm not too great at it but I , I try to play , . Yeah , I 've , I 've kind of gotten out of the habit myself , I mean , it 's I guess what I do now is I play softball , Uh-huh . right now , that 's about , well , right now I 'm on two teams so it 's four nights a week . Gosh . But , uh , uh , so I enjoy it but , Uh-huh . as far as , you know , uh , instead of having to join a health club and make myself go out there , Uh-huh . I went and bought a weight bench , and do n't ever hardly use it . Ha , right , ye- , I need to make myself do that . yeah , I slacked off a little because of , um , I 'm about to graduate from college and so this past couple months have been really hectic so I have n't really gone , and I 've really been faithful these past two months of going to the health club and working out but ... What school you going to ? I 'm at East Carolina . Oh . But , um , no , I , uh , my step classes and toning is about the only thing well , I mean ... Now what 's , what 's toning ? Is that lift , lifting weights ? It 's , um , like isolated movements for each muscle certain muscles groups , Oh , okay . you can do with , Isometrics , stuff like that . Yeah , you can do it with certain , you know , you can do it with weights if you wanted to but , you know , you leave out of there usually the next morning , if you have n't done it in a while , you wake up the next morning you 're like , oh , no , what did I do to myself and your whole body aches , you know . Yeah . Um , I know I 'm looking forward to getting back into getting into shape , uh , I feel like I 'm out of shape but I feel guilty for not going , Uh-huh . because I really I 'm , I 'm so used to going for , you know , three or four years now . Yeah , I , But , um , stayed in pretty good shape during school . I played baseball , Uh-huh . all the way through and , you know , working out six hours a day , usually six or seven days a week that kind of , Oh , yeah . kept us all in pretty good shape , . Oh , yeah . 