if you purchase on your credit card -- Oh , yeah . MUMBLEx . -- you know , then they put an extended warranty on it if it does n't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time , so it seems -- Yes . -- like it 's a waste of money . Well , you almost assume if you 're going to have problems with it , it 's usually bef- , before that warranty would expire any , the first one . Uh-huh . And like I 've even bought , on a recliner once I bought , you know , a , a , an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that , and I never used it . You never nee , even needed it . And so it seems ridiculous . And like , washers and dryers and things like that , I 've never had one go out . In fact , they usually , when they do go out , it 's either something my husband can buy the part and fix and we do n't even have a repairman come , or it means it 's old enough that it 's time to replace the whole thing . It 's time to replace it . Uh-huh . Yes . So , I mean , I think these extended warranties are gimmicks , really . I do too . A lot of it . We bought , when we first married , we bought one on our T V and that there 's , it was a five year , after the first five years , and it was ridiculous . Uh-huh . And they charge you a pretty good price for them too . Yes . They 're a pretty healthy price , and you 're trying to think oh , maybe I 'll need this . You never , you always think gosh , if I say no , then I wo n't , you know . Uh-huh . But , Well , my husband -- I do n't know . -- finally just put his foot down and he said we 're not going to buy any of these anymore , and if it goes out , well -- You probably -- -- you know . -- got your worth out of it anyway . Uh-huh , and , uh , so we really have been fairly happy wi- , with things , but now we take good care of things and we do n't , uh , run out and buy a lot of , of things either . And since our kids are n't little anymore , I 'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken . Yes , the little , well , you probably are real careful of the brands you buy and the , when you do buy things , you probably watch what kind of , type of MUMBLEx . Well , you look at the consumer guide . Yes . And , uh , you go around and you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the , 