we all live in southern California so we just have to either or , give a formal invite and we 're all there so , Southern California 's still pretty large . Yeah well , I mean L A , Orange County area . I mean -- I see . -- everyone 's , you know -- MUMBLEx . -- mostly not farther than an hour away . Yeah , well , my experience , uh , has been limited pretty much lately to my mother 's side of the family . Uh-huh . Uh , years ago there was a big dispute on my dad 's side and , uh , they have n't had a reunion since then . They just show up at funerals and weddings . Oh . It was pretty serious and lot of yelling -- Wow . -- and all that , but , anyway , my mother 's side we had our , our first real reunion that I 've ever gone to last summer and they had people come in from out of town and they took some rooms down at a Holiday Inn and , uh , they had some activity , they had a nice dinner planned and all of that stuff and people got up and talked about various parts of the family tree and , you know , a lot of that sort of thing . Since it was the first one that we 'd had that , you could do that once . Now next time we have one , we 'll have to think of something more creative to do . Well , you know , that 's interesting because one thing that always brings to my , uh , husband 's mother 's side together is , uh , they talk about the genealogy of the family tree every time and , uh , inevitably everyone is just very interested and , and they always have , you know , two or three new ones to add to the list , you know , someone 's been born or -- Oh . -- someone passed away or , you know , something like that and so everyone has to update their little -- Well , have -- -- books or whatever . -- have you , do you have an interest in genealogy ? Uh , I do , but not to , very much compared to my -- Not a -- -- mother-in-law . -- passion , huh . Uh , I suspect we 'll do quite a bit more genealogy and I , I suspect we will do more of it . Uh , I found out some , about some of the relatives I did n't , you know , I , I did n't even know their names , some of the -- Um . -- two or three generations back and some of the aunts and uncles and , uh , there 's a lot of things there you have to stop , they 're really kind of fascinating . I found out my grandmother was one of a twin . Oh . And we do n't even know where the twin , we have virtually no , no background on , on her -- Really ? -- on the twin . Is it your , your grandma 's own sibling and she , 