And I came out of there and I saw my stomach going down well . Oh . I dropped , oh , I 'd say almost twenty pounds . Wow . Just by watching what I ate . And they fix you up with a diet , which worked real good . What if you 're already on one ? I mean , What ? A diet ? Yeah . I mean , when you go in there , they would n't make you do theirs . Would they ? Oh , no , they have nothing to do with that . Okay . See I joined , uh , when this one down here opened up , I joined as a V I P . And the V I P gives you , uh , oh , gives you a diet , a computerized diet . And they go over all your health and all your history , and they show you how , everything to do , and how to do it , and the whole nine yards . So it became part of the package , so I went through it . It worked out well . But they have packages where they just offer the exercise program . Is that what you 're saying ? Oh , yeah . You can just go in there and join just like anywhere else too . I see , okay . I just went and took the , because they were offering it as an opening benefit , so it was , it 's less than what you pay now for going in there , Um . after all this time . So it 's like when I got laid off , I went back in there , and start all over again because it had been a while since I 'd done it . Um . So I get all the same treatment again . So it 's kind of nice . Wow . That 's , Like I said , I like it . I like the heat . I like the , I jump out of the swimming pool , and I go into the hot tub . Oh . And I love it . Yeah . That would be really nice . Because I have n- , I have never , let me reword that , I think I have gone home maybe once or twice slightly sore . But that 's because of my physical condition and nothing to do what they did . Uh-huh . That 's , I knew I was pushing too far . Uh-huh . But usually , when I go into the hot tub before I go swimming , or when I come out , I 'm totally relaxed when I go home . It 's no big deal . So you really do enjoy your exercise then , since your , It 's fun . It 's fun . Uh , I 've gotten on the bike . And they 've got , uh , the stepping bike , where you step . Uh-huh . And I 've enjoyed that , watching how well I can walk up and down stairs . That 's , you know , I wanted , But most of the others to me are very dull . I wanted to get one of those steppers when I bought the bike , but I got talked into the bike instead . And I do n't know , I really wanted a stepper . I 'm considering maybe even buying one of those too . But I 'm not sure if I 'll get benefit out of both of them . I mean , I do n't know if it would really do any good having both of them . Which one do you feel is better , since you use them both ? Um , I get bored very easily . Uh , the one nice thing about the bicycle is you just sit . Like you said , you can sit and do it , and watch the T V and not even really be conscious of what you are doing . Uh-huh . With the stepper , you are conscious of what you are doing because you 're basically watching each step as it gets harder and down . Huh . So you have a little , you know , little , you can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady so , Uh-huh . to what your gear is . 