but apparently they just really are . Uh , I mean , to me , in Plano you would think that would be about , you know , about as innocent as you could get for , for being in a , a large area . But , you know , my son comes home and tells me that , you know , he hears kids talk about having guns and , uh , someone came to his football practice about two weeks ago with a gun . Oh , my heavens . And , I mean , it just scared me to death and , you know , they called the police and , and nothing happened , but my goodness , you know , it , it could have easily . Well , maybe that 's the answer to crime is getting more prosecution . Maybe so . You know , because I do n't , now I , somehow I feel we 're living in an impartial society as far as people seeing something happen , you know , across the street , or seeing someone get mugged , or unfortunately , raped , and people do n't do anything . Yeah . A woman was raped in Richardson , I read in the paper oh , about a two weeks ago now . And all the neighbors said they heard her yelling for help . Oh , no . But nobody , nobody did anything . I just ca n't imagine that . You know , I mean they heard someone calling for help . Nobody even called the police to say , you know , I hear a strange screaming -- Right . -- I 'm afraid , you know , if you , I do n't blame people with today 's society about going out to help themselves . Right , well , I can see , you know , especially if you heard screams from a house or something , not going over there maybe , because , you know , it could be dangerous , but certainly I ca n't understand not calling the police . Yeah . I , I just , you know , it 's , it 's really frightening that we 're not , we 're trying to live in our own little cocoons and probably one of the best things we could do for crime is to participate ourselves in its prevention . Right . Well I , I think you 're right there . I guess people just kind of keep their noses pointed in their own business , but I think that 's real dangerous and , uh , I do n't know . I try to tell my kids just , just kind of be aware of what 's around them , you know and , if you see a situation that looks like it could be trouble , just get out of it or call for help , whichever . Yes . 