Uh-huh . Uh , I 'm not sure what the future holds for that whether , It seems like there 's , it seems that there 's a grass roots , um , effort or whatever going on I , I , um , clean houses part-time , Uh-huh . and almost all the people that I clean for , believe it or not , are mothers that do n't work . Huh . Um , That 's unusual . they are , th- , they 're all , um , it 's , and it 's , I think it 's kind of a new movement it 's going back towards , you know , women have come into the work force in the last twenty , thirty years and now they 're wanting to go back to the old days where , you know , women stayed home with the kids , you know , and try to give the kids quality time . Uh-huh . And I , I think that in the future you 're , I think you 're going to see a lot more , um , women choosing to not work after they have a baby . Yeah . Um , I think with , uh , the , uh , the work force with the , the salaries that a lot of , a lot of the women that I work for have husbands who are , um , vice-presidents of companies and I think with , uh , um , this , it seems like it 's more the upper-class people , Uh-huh . um , I do n't see it as much , the , like in my situation where I do n't , I do n't have children yet , but ideally I would like to be able to stay home with my kids . But realistically that 's , I 'm , I 'm realizing that 's probably not going to be possible , um , for middle-class people to be able to live just on one income . Yeah , that is tough . Yeah , we 're looking at that now , my wife 's about six months along . Uh-huh . I think it 's going to be a luxury item to be able to stay home with your kids . Uh-huh . You know , it 's going to kind of kind of go along with the B M W in the driveway and , or in the garage or whatever . True . Um , and the quarter of a million dollar home or whatever . Yeah . I 'm surprised that the main people you work for are women that do stay home . I would think it would be women that were working full-time . Yeah , believe it or not though the , all the women that stay home are real busy when they are home . 