and workout and then drive back . Right . Well , they , um , I just noticed at our health club they will put on these computerized one , these computerized machines , and you set a speed on it and the weight and it , and it makes you do it . And it tells you like if you 're going too slow it will say , my grandmother could do this faster than you . And stuff like , a turtle goes faster and , um , it tells it and the whole place can hear what this machine is telling you . A little negative reinforcement there while you 're going . Yeah . So , uh , do that , stuff like that but just I 've never used those machines I just use the regular machines and the free weights , you know , like little five pound hand weights and eight pound hand weights . Yeah . Just to do , you know , some bicep , tricep exercises . Sit-ups , of course . , yeah , that 's , that 's where I 'm really starting to get noticeable , Uh-huh . I 'm just getting real soft in the middle . Oh , yeah , I think that 's , uh , number one problem with everyone . Uh-huh . I have n't really started to put on a lot of weight I 'm , I guess I probably put on about ten , nine or ten pounds , since I stopped playing , which was about four years ago . Uh-huh . But I 've , just myself I just notice myself just really , real soft and I 'm sure I do n't have near the endurance that I did , . . Yeah . But I , I intend , I keep saying I intend to get back into it . Uh-huh . Yeah . I just need to , put the old nose to the grindstone , I , I , I guess at that point it would turn into a task , , Uh-huh . I do n't consider it fun doing that , but . Right . Yeah , I plan on getting back , once I graduate next weekend . Next weekend ? Next weekend . All right . Yeah , one week , . Then I plan to get right back into it . You know , it 's , it does a lot for you I think . Yeah , Makes you feel a lot better . oh , no , yeah , there , there 's no , no question the , the end result is great and I , I mean , I enjoyed , you know , we , when I was playing ball we could like run all day and not be tired , you know . Uh-huh , and I mean you feel so much better , Yeah . 