And , I , I was , I would go faithfully , and then I missed once . Then I went back again a couple times and missed another time , and then kept missing and never went back again . Uh-huh . I think , if you , you just have to stick with it . Oh , yeah . I think I 've been two maybe three times the month of April , and this session is about to run out . Now I signed up for a different one now that 's only two nights a week because I am getting kind of into a real busy schedule as far as teaching a lot of training classes and -- Uh-huh . -- some of them require me to go out of town , and , and , uh , that just kind of throws my whole schedule off on doing that . Yeah . lately , uh , there 's been nights that I could have gone and I 've found excuses , uh -- Yeah . -- things like I had the flu last week , but I 'm fine this week . I could have gone Monday . I could have gone tonight , and I did n't . Yeah . So , I 'm kind of finding excuses , and now it 's kind of like , well , this is the last week . I 'll just start fresh next week . But , I better , better do it . And I think another thing is that my friend that was taking with me the first two months was n't the second two months . She started taking tennis lessons , and so I have n't had that extra motivation , of , of us forcing each other , or not forcing each other -- Yeah . -- but encouraging each other to go . So . Sure , yeah that makes a difference when you have somebody to go with and to do the same the same thing . Uh-huh . Like it 's misery loves company . I do n't really love exercise . I mean , some I , the neighbor across the street , she goes , belongs to President 's , and , uh , it 's not President 's any more . I do n't know what the name of it is anymore . But she loves it . Uh-huh . I mean , it 's just , it 's an automatic high for her . Uh-huh . She just enjoys it so much . And I do n't . Yeah . I 'm the same way . I feel good after I do it , but I hate it when I 'm doing it . Yeah . You know , I just , 