Are you going to tell me what you 've been doing lately in the -- Sure , uh , -- okay . I 'll offer anything that I can on the subject . Uh , my husband and I just bought a , just moved here recently and , uh , we bought , uh , this house about , uh , I do n't know , year and a half ago . What we have here now is just a basic three bedroom , two bath , brick house which is , uh , completely different from what I had had before . When I was working and before I married , uh , I lived in a little town south of here that is just full of old homes and , uh , historic old houses and things like that so I , uh , tried to , I was in the process of renovating a house and , uh , that was about seventy-five years old . Oh , my . So , uh , it had to have everything done from top to bottom to having it leveled , jacked up , uh , new plumbing , new wiring , wallpaper , paint , everything you can think of , You , that house had to have . You are experienced I would say . Well , I , I really did enjoy it , uh , you know , it was amazing what I found out I could do on my own if I just put my mind to it . Well , I agree . Yeah . I have done something , uh , like that , too , only not nearly as extensive . Uh-huh . But it must be interesting now trying to do something to a basic ranch , It is . style home . It is . Uh , Yeah . after having a one that was historical looking . That 's , that 's true . When , uh , I met my husband , he was living in an apartment at the time and , and , uh , the town that I was living in only about eighty miles from here . So , uh , you know , I , we , really it was just the market was so good , we had n't really planned on buying and , as you probably heard from the , in the Dallas and Texas area period the housing market is just unreal . I mean you can get things for such a song . Yes . So , that 's , that 's really why we ended up in a house like this . This is not what we , you know , what we want to stay in forever , because I have to have my , I 've found that after doing this other house , I have to have my hands into stuff and , Uh-huh . you know , I 'm always just wanting to paint and , and wallpaper and redo and redo , so , uh , you know , I , I 'm ready to get ahold of another one that I can have a little more input into so , Well , maybe you can , uh , make that one charming and , and make a little bit money , uh , Yeah . That 's , that 's the key , you know , the thing is , uh , when we moved in they had just , uh , painted , wallpa- , we 're , you know , wallpapered , new carpet and everything 