those chemicals would not , Yeah , they have chemicals that they use to refine their flours with and stuff , Yeah . you know to , to break the flours down and then they , they also do testing there , and I do n't , you know , wh , when you consider , you know , it 's probably not radioactive but toxic can be , can be anything that 's cr , uh , classified that can damage the Earth . Right , yeah . So , there could be a lot of things that they could put , you know , that chemical wise that they use to , uh , that they are testing with , Right , you know , like in , that they 're dumping . Yeah . In packaging and , uh , you know , just goodness . Yeah , I do n't think they do the packaging at this plant , Yeah . but they do , they do a lot of research and they do , um , they do , do a lot of the refining up there or , Yeah . I 'm not really , what 's it called when you do flour , I 'm not , Uh , only thing I can think is bleaching but , I mean , I , Yeah . I do n't know what 's , how they do the flour . Yeah . But , um , we , we 're on the southwest side of Houston we do n't have that much as far as , uh , aiming in the plants over on this , uh , the we , east side does . Uh-huh . We 've got Imperial sugar but , uh , and they 're , you know , they 're right there on the creek also and , uh , they 've been there for years . Yeah . And , uh , But , I mean , you think about it , it , you know , it 's probably a lot easier to detect things that go into the ground than it is maybe to just , I 'm not really sure but I would think it would be easier to detect those things because you could detect them down strean- , or stream or such , Yeah . or you can , you can , you know , do , uh , testing on the ground itself at that point , Uh-huh . but when they pollute into the air and you 've got , you know , and you 've got movement through the air , it 's going to move a lot of that off . So , I do n't see , you know , how they can do some of the te- , unless it just hangs there like in places where it 's a lot of pollution , you know , like in Los Angeles or , or the bigger cities where it , it tends to get stuck there , Uh-huh . you know , that you have a lot more particles in the air , Right , yeah . you know , per , per , uh , per particles in the surrounding community because it 's not moved away , Uh-huh . but , um , I know that , 