Huh-uh . Um , and that is a very , we had never been there . That is a very , very neat town to visit . Uh-huh . Uh , in terms of the French Quarter and all of the things -- Right . -- you hear about . But the crime is so bad there . I mean , in all the tourist brochures you read about what you should or should not do . How to carry -- Uh-huh . -- your wallet , uh . This is New Orleans ? New Orleans , yeah . Oh , I would hate to be there during Mardi Gras . Let me tell , I would never , yeah . You just do not . Do not even bother . It is not worth it . Uh , the , when we came back , I do not know if you have seen . I was in the super market this morning and on the cover of TIME magazine , there is a girl , she is in Boston ? She is on the east coast somewhere . Real attractive young girl . College freshman , I , college coed . I think she is a freshman . She had been dating a fellow for several -- Uh-huh . -- weeks . They went back to her dorm room -- Uh-huh . -- and date rape . I mean , and it just , sh- , she looked anguished . I mean , it was really just sad . I mean , did not pick it up and read it , but I should have . But I just looked at the picture and thought , what a world . I know . I mean , I do not , yeah , You ca n't trust anybody . I do not have any , uh , cure , It is , it is really scary . No , you really ca n't . I mean , I , they , we lease out a really nice two story town home in north Dallas . And they have a real big thing here . People , I mean , even dry cleaners knock on the door and are soliciting , you know . They , everybody wants your business kind of thing . Right . And my husband is the kind of guy , he 's , he 's sometime , he was raised on a farm in southern Ohio , near Dayton . And I think sometimes it is just , he and I are very different in terms of that . I , I mean , I basically have started not to trust -- Right . -- anybody in general street smarts . We , And , uh , he opened the door . I came downstairs and I was real upset and I probably got more nasty than I should have . But I just said , Howard , Uh-huh . you know , oh , my God . I would not , I mean , Well , you , you , hear about people opening the door and getting blown away . Oh , yeah . And it does , I mean , it is , it is not a reason . I mean , I have been to New York . You should not deny yourself going to visit -- -- and all that . Uh-huh . Uh , but it is not any worse . I used to work for a mortgage company that was owned by , uh , are you from Boston ? Yeah . Home Owners Savings and Loan in Boston . 