and I do n't think any politician 's going to do that , so . Yeah , and the only thing , they , they would think of would be tuition , you know , if it works at colleges it will work down below . Right . And , you know , that 's going to , that 's going to affect the people that are having kids in school , of course , which is probably the only fair thing to do . But , it will be hard for those that people , that have , have in school because they have to pay out even more . Exactly . And , you know , it 's going to really hurt the , the middle class , uh , people , I think . Oh , yeah . Because , uh , they 're the ones that will probably have to , to carry the brunt of the load . That 's right . So , uh , And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and , and knives and everything , I mean , good grief what 's MUMBLEx . Yeah now , that 's , that 's just unbelievable to me , you know . I ca n't believe that . I mean when I was in junior high and high school that never happened . You never heard about that . Well yeah , we did n't , we did n't even think about it , you know . No . And now , you know , what do we have now . You know , got kids that , MUMBLEx either got a , you know , a Magnum gun school , like good grief . R- , right . I mean , I 'd , I 'd be afraid to be in school , I mean b , teaching , or even being a student and think what , what 's it going to be like for my , my youngest , an my oldest son , when he goes to school . What 's going to happen ? I mean I , I 'm afraid for him to go . Exactly , right . But there again , you ca n't hold them back . Another reason , yo- , and you want to encourage them , you know , to , to be active and everything in school , but , uh , you know , with all the peer pressure that 's going on , with all the negative things , it is , uh , it 's a tough environment to be growing up in . Yeah , and lot tougher than it was when I was going to school , and that was , well I was , I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine , so . Okay . That was what , twelve years ago , I guess . Right . So , you know , it 's lot different now . And what 's it going to be like in another twelve years when my , uh , oldest son is in high school . That 's right , that 's right . I 'm afraid to , I 'm afraid to even think about it . That , yeah , that is a scary thought , but , uh , I do n't know , I , I guess what you have to do is just , uh , keep in , uh , you know , encouraging them and , and , uh , uh , try to be open with them , so that y- , you can deal with the problems as they come up . That 's all you can do . Yeah , and . You got to , you got to be your child 's best friend , I guess , Right . even when they 're a teenager and they , you know are kind of standoffish , still you got to be their best friend because when they 've got problems , who they going to go to , their friends that are dealing drugs , or , or your parents . Exactly . 