Yeah . I 'm from here originally , so when it 's July and August , I 'm pretty well used to the , Uh-huh . hundred degree temperatures . Uh-huh . Yeah . The biggest problem with , with the weather and the rain in this area is the soil . It 's that black clay soil . Oh . Is that what Dallas is , okay . Yeah . You know , it 's not sandy like most of the state is , so it does n't absorb the water real well . Uh-huh . You know , once it rains a little bit , it 's , it 's filled up and everything else just runs off , Uh-huh . you know . Yeah . San Antonio has that same problem when the rains come . It 's , it 's a complete mess , everything floods , all the under passes . Yeah . I did n't realize that Dallas had that same problem . Yeah . We have it , especially as rainy as it 's been in the last couple of years . And there 's a section in South Dallas that 's had a whole lot of flooding problems because of the rain . Uh-huh . Well , we could use some rain up here . We 're like in the bottom of the fourth year of drought , Really . up here and they had a pretty good early Spring and we got quite a bit of rain , but it was n't enough to offset what they lost over the last four years . Uh-huh . And , uh , so they 're still talking water rationing this Summer , so it would seem strange because in San Antonio , we had lived out , um , west of San Antonio , in Castroville , Uh-huh . And the water in Medina Lake and that area was really going down , that they were considering that they might have to do water rationing and I thought oh , gee I 'm so glad to get out of there and get up here to the California Pacific coast where it rains and everything has flowers and there 's no problem with water . And then I came here and found out they were in the , you know , four year draught . Uh-huh . So I said , well , gee , this is pretty much like Texas . And it pretty much is in the middle of Summer . They have rolling hills around here but , Uh-huh . um , they turn to golden dead grass , Uh-huh . for the majority of the Summer just because there is no water to keep them green . Yeah . But , um , it 's a really nice area . It 's just , it 's just such a change from , uh , Texas because I had grown up with , uh , the heat , Uh-huh . and used to essentially , like you said , you have the cold Winter and then you have the hot Summer Spring . Uh-huh . And , uh , to come here , it 's kind of the temperate weather all year round . It 's kind of like , uh , Spring , I guess , if you , year round , except , and then in the Winter 