Yeah , yeah , I like , I like that too , huh , but , uh , I , I could n't afford the insurance on one of those . Well , uh , we always , this last Oldsmobile we bought , uh , it 's an eighty-seven , but we bought it in eighty-eight , you know , right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them -- Yeah . -- and , uh , we found that , uh , we found a real good interest rate , you know , when they 're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that , they really come down on their prices and , uh , uh , you know , we looked around at used cars , and we really could n't , uh , afford the payments on a used car , because , uh , if you go to the bank and try to get a loan , they want to charge twelve , thirteen percent , you know , and we ended up , I think , with like a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car , and the payments . Well , that 's what I 'm paying on mine now . I had to get like a first time , my dad 's always cosigned on , on my , my loans , or whatever , and this is one , when I bought , I got my Mustang this time was by myself , because I got on my own , or whatever , and , um , I had said , they , they said it had to be like a first time buyer 's car or whatever , and they 're charging me unreasonable MUMBLEx interest , but I 've got eight more payments and it 's paid for . Well , that 's great . But I got it when , I got it when the eighty-eights first came out , it 's a , it 's , it 's a good car , I mean , I got in eighty-seven , I guess , in like November or something like that , and . Uh-huh . Well , when our kids were younger we really wanted a two door . Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven . It was a two door Cutlass Supreme , and , uh , it just happened that when we looked for our , our new car , they had a thing going with Oldsmobile and if you 'd buy a , a new Oldsmobile they 'd give you four hundred rebate , because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary . Uh-huh . I belie , yeah seventy-fifth anniversary . So in addition to everything else we got off the car , all we had to do is show them our , uh , papers on our first car , and they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it . So we , we got a four door this time , and I sort of went more for the , uh , the comfort factor , and , uh , I liked the smaller cars , but I 'm a bigger person , and I , I really like comfort , you know , driving along the road and stuff . Well , that 's another big factor of mine . Next , next car I get 's going to be a four door too . Something with some room . Yeah . 