And , uh , we have a , my husband and I have a , a , aerobic video that 's called The Firm . I do n't know if you 've heard of it , but it 's a , an aerobic video with , not necessarily bouncing around and jumping up and down , but you 're using weights , and that is the most incredible aerobic workout I have ever done . It 's -- Huh . -- it 's really fun . Yes , it 's , it 's , it 's aero- , it 's similar to aerobics with weights -- Yes , uh-huh . -- but it 's like low impact aerobics , just -- Uh-huh . -- with weights . Yes . Okay , are you familiar with , um , step or bench aerobics ? Um , no , I mean , yes , I am , but I have never done it myself . Have you done that ? Uh , yes , I have . In , in Atlanta that 's , um , most of the health clubs -- Oh . -- are all , that 's the , that 's the in thing . That 's the big thing , huh ? At first it was just regular aerobics , but now bench or step aerobics have -- Oh . -- kind of taken over . So how is that ? Um , it , they call it a low impact aerobics , and it 's supposed to burn off more calories -- Oh . -- at the same time . And from when I 've done it , it does give you a good , a real good workout . But only thing I 'm concerned about is potential for injury to your knees -- Oh . -- you know , that and movement of going up on the step -- Uh-huh . -- you know , that could create a problem . Yeah . They , they seem to think that it , it wo n't , but you never know . Now , if , um , playing basketball , are you knees , do you have healthy knees ? Yeah , I , I think my ankles probably are my main weak point . Oh , dear . But , I 've , I 've kind of taken care of that . I wear high tops and then also an an- , a support ankle brace which is very stiff -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , we , wearing that I have n't had any problems in the past year or so . Oh , that 's good . Well that sounds , you sound just like my husband . He -- Yeah . -- he injured his ankle about seven months ago playing volleyball , and , oh , he 's just had a heck of a time getting that ankle healthy . Yeah , I . So that 's what he does , he wears his , his brace and his high tops and , Uh-huh . Yeah , I did , I injured mine so many times that -- Oh . -- rehabilitating became quite easy . Oh , MUMBLEx . I mean , it would only take three or four days and I could play again on it -- Wow . -- because after a while you just learn how to rehabilitate yourself -- Uh-huh . -- to play that way . Oh , dear . Oh . But , um , so how , how successful is your exercise video ? It is amazing how fast you take off the inches -- 