-- because the thing is , is that , you know , it 's like if I want something I 'll , I 'll ask somebody , you know , Yeah . like , like , uh , for Chr- , uh , for Christmas my roommate goes , what do you want . And I said , I want a backpack . Yeah . You kno , no , I told him yo- , if you want to give me a present for Christmas give me a backpack . Yeah , that 's something that you can use . Right , because I , I needed a backpack . So , he gave me a backpack , and I , I knew he needed an alarm clock . Yeah . So , I bought him an alarm clock . So , the thing was that , that , Utilitarian . Right , but -- Necessary things , no frivolous gifts . -- right , but , um , the thing is , especially remember when I was down in Argentina it was , to me it was ridiculous , because you know , you have to , once a year you go out and you spend all this money on all these people , and some you do n't care about , you know , it 's like , That 's true , why bother . Yeah . Yeah . And so , but the thing is , is , that , um . Well , especially being a college student yo- , your , I do n't know that you need to be involved in a lot of frivolous gift giving , you know , Yeah . that effects the budget especially around , uh , Christmas time at the end of the semester you 've got finals and lots of bills I would suspect . Yeah . What about when you have breaks like , um , Christmas or between sessions ? Well , for example , we had spring break now , and I went skiing and I spent around like , maybe , two hundred dollars . I expect so . So , uh , but you know , it 's like , um . You 've got to budget that though . You 've got to save up in able to do that , right ? Yeah , yeah . I mean , Because it 's like , you know , say , you know , it 's like , we were saying , let 's go eat out before spring break . I go , let 's not go eat out , MUMBLEx . before spring break . Let 's see how much money we have afterwards . Right , MUMBLEx . And if I felt like I spent way to much then , um , I wo n't go out , you know , Right . and so , like my roommate went home , I went skiing in , over the Carolina Mountains which are n't anything , Huh . but , um , but it was , you know , it was , I guess it was worth it , Sure it is , any time you can get away , and , and , You know , it was a nice place . Yeah , yeah . get away from , from the daily grind . Yeah , especially if you live on campus , and you do n't have a car , you just go crazy . Yeah , I know the feeling . So , oh well , let 's see how long have we been talking here six minutes and a half . Okay . Is that okay ? Yeah . All right . All right . Well , nice talking to you . Nice talking to you . Have a good time . All right . Bye-bye . Bye . 