Do n't . That needs the big screen . Oh . It really and truly does , because to get the feeling -- Uh-huh . -- of like when the buffalos are , when they 're chasing the buffalos and everything -- Uh-huh . -- you 've got to be where you feel it . Oh really ? You really truly do . Oh . I would , I mean , I guess my first instinct was to wait for the video , too . But I 'm glad I did n't . I really and truly am . I mean , that mov- , that was one movie I came out impressed . Uh-huh . I really and truly did . I mean , I have absolutely no problems with them winning seven Oscars . None at all . Right . Normally I 'm one of these people that I do n't like one , one movie taking all the honors . Everythin- , yeah , yeah . I wanted him to win best actor on top of it , he was , Yeah , oh . Like I said , I would n't given the supporting actresses either one . Yeah . But even though they were okay , the girl in it , they , somebody made an interesting observation , now that I think back on it , I 'd say yeah , I ca n't believe that either . She was the only indian to have her hair done at all times . You know what I mean , you know . It was just too perfect at all times . Yeah . That was a mistake that they made . They should n't have done it . Yeah . Now the best , the supporting actor , he was good , but from what I heard , the guy who got it was better , so I , you know , I can see that . Yeah . But , oh , You think my daughter would like it ? Oh , well there are , there is one spot that was just a little bit on the gory side . Oh , okay . But , um , it 's it 's She does n't mind when we cover up her eyes . Okay , no problems . It , it 's just the idea that there is this one spot where the white man has come by and killed a bunch a buffalo and just stripped its hide , the hides . So there 's , See , that 's the one , that is the honest to God the one reason I do n't want to see the movie -- Yeah , but , well , -- is because I love buffalos for some weird reason , and I know they 're fake . And , and , of course , and , well , yeah , that , and plus , I mean part of it is the idea that he goes with them on a buffalo hunt . So , I mean , they are killing buffalos in it . But they do n't stress that very much , they really do n't . Okay , okay . And I think it 's an excellent movie for , if , if she enjoys movies I think it 'll work pretty good . Oh , that 'll be good . We really need some , my husband keeps wanting to . It 's , it 's , it 's a long movie . Yeah , and I heard the video 's even going to be longer . Oh yeah . They did a lot of stuff that they cut out . I may have to see the video . Yeah , 