That 's right . That , I do n't think that they 're going to be serving anybody . that would be the problem . Sure would . Yeah . So I think it would be a good thing though , Uh-huh . to encourage other people who are n't even aware that they can do such a thing . Uh-huh . to get out there and do so . Yeah , or maybe offer them , you know , some sort of an incentive to do it . Yeah . Uh , you know college credit , you know , something , you know , Right . I 'm not sure what but , Right . College credit is a good idea because , I 'm not sure they need to be , you know , paid , you know , a super do salary of any kind . Right . but that , that kind of takes away from public service . That 's right . Yeah , they probably could n't do anything monetary , but I think , giving , But , just , you know , to receive a letter in the mail , giving some kind of college credit , that says , you know , you need to report somewhere by next Monday , you know you need to report somewhere by next Monday , you know . I 'm not sure that would be a terrifically good idea . No , I do n't think so either because a lot of people , um , depending on how the public service programs are set up and I 'm not that familiar with them to know , I 'm not either really . But , you know , if , a , a lot of people flat ca n't afford to . That 's right . You know , That 's right . and most kids these days have gotten themselves into , uh , financial situations , Uh-huh . where they have to be working all the time . That 's right . Absolutely . They need , you- , So , it 's , it 's a really tough question . young families , whatever , That 's right . they just could n't , you know , take off to do that . Yeah , Oh , and , if you put them in public service right out of high school , then that , that postpones their college , That 's right , uh-huh . for a year and that would upset a lot of people too , Uh-huh , it sure would . because they just want to get on , It would have to be a lot of , you know , thought given to something like that , I would think . Yeah . I , you know , I think it would be good for a lot of people to get involved in that kind of program , Uh-huh . but I , I think it ca n't be something that 's mandatory . Yeah . Yeah . 