Yeah . That 's kind of ironic , because I do n't live too far from Oklahoma either . Huh-uh . You know where Saint Joe is ? Uh , I 've been through there . I 'm about eight miles south of it . Okay . Oh , yeah . I had been through Saint Joe , but , um , just as far as watching the news and reading the papers and all that , it sounds like the crimes in the cities are really getting bad . Well , you know , I 've , I 've seen those statistics and everything , and you know , what frightens me , is that , you put a half a million people out in the middle of the desert -- Huh-uh . -- with high tech weaponry , you know , I mean , the Iraqis did n't have a lot of high-tech weaponry , but they had mortars and machine guns , Oh , yeah . tanks and all that . Sure . And , they did n't kill as many people in , in forty-five days , and they were intending to kill people , Huh-uh . I mean , that was their job , as they killed in Washington D C . Oh , I know , I know . I know . Um , I think nowadays people just , really just , murder is nothing to them , you know . Well , I formulated a pretty radical theory over the last ten years , I guess . And , I 've come to the conclusion , and this is a pretty scary thought to me , even , that if a guy is convicted , or a gal is convicted , of a crime , rather than put them in prison , because prison 's proven not to work , just let them go . Say okay , you 're convicted -- Huh-uh . -- and just let them go -- Yeah . -- and if they get convicted again , well , just kill them . Yeah , because , uh , most likely that will happen , wo n't it , that , you know , Well , I think that the best hope to eliminate crime , as we know it today -- Huh-uh . -- is to eliminate the criminals from society . Huh-uh . If someone is known to have been in prison , they ca n't get a job . No . You know . Yeah . They ca n't be accepted into society . You know , if they 're not going to be accepted into society , then everybody 's going to become sociopathic . Huh-uh . And , you know , who 's to put the limit on it ? I mean , I was watching a thing last night , up in Washington State . If you get convicted of , uh , sexual offenses , on a regular basis . You know , I mean , some of these guys are forty years old and got ten convictions . Huh-uh . And they 're still let out on the street after one or two years . Well , in Washington State , if you 're a habitual sexual offender , they just do n't let you out . Um . So you serve your prison term , and then you go into the mental hospital , and if you 're pronounced cured , they 'll let you go . Huh-uh . Well , they may find a cure for it , but there is no known cure now . Um . So you 're , you 're kind of thinking , in other words , if you get , if you do something the first time , that 's not real bad , you know , Hey , people make mistakes . yeah , to go ahead and let them go , but if they do it again and they really need to face the consequences then , uh . Well , yeah , 