I mean , we , we spend a fortune for things like V A hospitals and , you know , then you look at how well they 're managed , you know , I do n't think we 're getting our money 's work out , worth out of there . I think it 's all going into , into bureaucrats . Right , and a lot of it 's feeding that . Just , I just , I really , especially in the election year , I mean , I 'm really thinking a lot about this , the economy and questions like that and , and just the whole , it seems like everything is really screwy right now as far as the economy , uh , the government goes and our , our whole economy in general and our taxes just are going to keep rising no matter what happens and especially when you 've got the Bush administration who has increased government expenditures , uh , beyond what any other President since World War Two has done and yet -- Well , be- , -- -- he supposedly , -- between him and Reagan , yeah . Right , right , yeah . The great communicator , I mean , I just read something that , two thirds or three quarters , I 'm not exactly sure of our national debt are , was created during the Reagan Bush era -- Oh , oh , yeah , they think , -- who are suppo- , supposedly fiscally conservative . Oh , yeah , and then they go and say , I 'm not c- , Congress , they 're the fault for it . Right . But , you know , the other thing is , it 's tricky , though , because like in New Hampshire , they say , oh , all right , let 's cut the military budget . Right . Well , yeah , then , you lose half your jobs in New Hampshire -- Uh-huh . -- you lose , Grotten Connecticut goes , so , you know , it 's like , you know , it 's very tricky to balance that stuff off , because then you hurt , you know , if the , if the , if people lose their jobs , then they become a load and they 're not contributing taxes . That 's right . So , you know , it 's , it 's very hard to say , you know , this is what we should cut . Yeah , it 's really , that is the , especially that defense , cuts in the defense is really a Catch twenty-two -- MUMBLEx . -- double whammy , because like you say , if you cut defense , well , that 's great , that 's going to lower our national expenditures , but then you 're going to have people on welfare and they 're not -- Who are n't contributing . -- putting taxes in . 