revolting themselves , Yeah . and we 're , uh , See , I , allowing , I agree with that . it to happen . Yeah , Yeah . I , I agree that , that the communication that now , that communication has , become so much more widespread and , you know , worldwide that people are realizing hey , we do n't have it so good and let 's stand up -- Right . -- you know , uh , this is ridiculous we 're living , with these kind of conditions in a world that 's advancing as fast as it is -- Uh-huh . -- that , uh , I think people are just saying , no way , we do n't want anywhere of this . Yeah . I think , uh , Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive , you know , Yeah . where it 's always the minority that are , are trying to make the country better . Yeah . Well , I mean , I do n't mean to , well , I guess I do in a way , sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that . I think that , that , uh , because of those co- , countries a lot , you know , where such Catholic influence . And I think the Catholic religion itself was , was such a dominant factor , as far as keeping the people down , so to speak , I thought , but , it was the other way around . They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this , so all the persecution that they 're sort of use to it , it 's been , Uh . sort of like , you know . But , but see , but I do n't agree with that because the Catholic religion , as far as through the ages has been the rule , so to speak . You know , they are the ones that set , that set a lot of the rules and they are the ones that do keep the people down , I mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they do n't understand when anything is being said yet they 're , yet they 're expected to bow down to it , I think that keeps people in sort of line , you know . I do n't quite understand that . Do they even understand what 's being said ? Well , when , when it use to be Latin . I 'm just saying , Oh , yeah , that , the old church . 