Okay , um , yeah , one year public service for everybody . Is that , that was it , right ? . Right . Uh , who wants to start this one ? Em- , I do n't know , I 've been , I 've been sitting here thinking , yeah , because it was , you know , took a couple tries before I found somebody . Well , you know , I 'm like , I 'm not really sure what I think about this . Um , uh , I mean , the first thing is , the uh , if it 's going to be mandatory , it 's got to be mandatory , I mean , everybody , not just like , you know , poor people and all that , you know . But , Right , right . you know , senators ' sons and all that stuff too . I mean , everybody 's got to do it . Um , I do n't know , it 'd probably be , it 'd probably be good , I just do n't know if , you know , I was eighteen or whatever , I 'd want to be stuck doing it for a year or whatever . I 'm not sure I want an eighteen year old to make that kind of decision . Uh , I mean , that , that does n't sound right . Um , I guess I see overall beneficial , if , if we 're going from that point of view . Uh-huh . Um . I- , you know , in the past , I do n't know , I do n't know how old you are , but when I was , uh , in high school , it was the beginning of Vietnam and so forth . And many of my peers were being drafted . Uh-huh . And I could see that many of them had conscientious objections to war or whatever . But I , I felt strongly then that even if they did n't feel like they could kill someone , or go into a military situation , that they could help the country in other ways . Be it cleaning out , uh , lots , in , in their neighborhood or , Uh-huh . whatever kind of community or public service might be available . And I guess I see that as , as not so much a demand but , but a privilege . It 's , it 's kind of , uh , uh , It is , uh , It 's something , it 's , it 's since we live here and we all benefit , rich , poor or in between , uh , there are benefits even for those who have it the hardest . I just see that as maybe a good idea . I would n't mind doing it at forty-four . 