But they were all , goodness , younger than your grandparents . Like they were in their eighties . That type of thing . Uh , but I did , uh , you know , I guess , uh , when I think nursing home I do think of people that are not able to do , take care of themselves physically . Uh , But I just do n't think that nursing homes really do a very good job . And that 's , that 's difficult part . Because I think what they often get used as is , uh , almost like a very high level or long-term care for , uh , similar to a hospital . Uh-huh . Uh , I know , like here in Saskatchewan , we have our hospital care MUMBLEx the care actually for the older people graded in level , in four levels . And a level four type of care would be someone that really requires long-term hospital care . Generally are not able to look after this- , themselves to very , to a very great extent , physically . Often times they even have mental difficulty with senility or Alzheimer 's Disease or those or , or physical and mental handicaps . Uh , you know , where they really require twenty-four hour supervision of some kind . Even though -- Uh-huh . -- it may be minimal . And , uh , but I think that it can be helpful in that , uh , it gets people the level of physical care they need . Uh , But I do n't , I mean at least , I mean I think some nursing homes do that . But I think a lot of nursing homes really , uh , are guilty of neglect . Yeah . I th , and I think it happens more in areas where it 's , uh , I guess , uh , a broad social medical system where , uh , you know , there 's government medical care and that kind of thing . If it 's the lot where it 's funded by the individuals and , and I guess that 's sort of my lack of understanding . I think that a majority of the places in the U S , uh , you know , there is some government aid available , but the majority of it is to the availability of the individual to pay . Uh-huh . And , uh , if you 're not able to look after yourself , then you have to rely , 