And they have one in the room where the snack machines are too . That 's good . So they 're really going at it , and I think it 's marvelous because , Yeah . I , I guess Rowlett 's done a lot for the size town it is . Well , And I think they 're trying to , to make some changes . I , I noticed at the library or someplace this past , uh , month , month and a half ago , they were having a speaker , um , talk about doing lawn work and , h , how important it is to , to cut your lawn without a bag . Just to kind of mulch it , Uh-huh . rather than bag it up , because of a- , all the the grass that 's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff , and it 's , uh , I guess a lot more e- , ecological to just mow the grass and let it work its way back into the soil . Well , did you watch the program the other night on , um , was it SAVE AMERICA ? I saw part of that . It was good . The only thing I g- , thought , um , that I have n't been trying , is when I , you know , go to take a shower , to save the water , Uh-huh . and to put it on my plants . Which I had never thought about before . Uh-huh . But I 've already gone to , oh I started years ago , I guess , not years ago , but , yeah I would say five years ago , turning off my fountain , I mean my water faucet , Uh-huh . in the sink when I brush my teeth . But I did n't realize that was the biggest waste of water . Yeah . That was surprising to me . Um . I missed that question , totally , I mean really bad . I 'm trying to think , I did n't miss too many , I ca n't remember what my score was , but I did exceeding well . I was surprised . But I did n't realize that our garbage is n't being decomposed . That was a shocker to me . Yeah , well there are a lot of things that are n't , I 'm , that 's , uh , one of the things I wonder about , uh , one of the questions was , do you think more should be done , or something else . I , I wonder about some of the prod- , products that they do n't take , like some of the plastics and things that they do n't take . Uh , why , why they could n't do more recycling with those . Well , I was in , uh , Bizmart the other day , and , what I do n't understand is there is recycled paper in there , and it cost more than regular paper . Um . And it was only , I think , uh , forty cents more , you know , fifty cents more , but , Yeah . It upset me to realize that , hey , the recycling that they 're going through the expense of recycling , but people are n't buying it , so the cost of it is higher . True . Yeah , I noticed that about things like I s- , I seen a lot of adds recently for organic fertilizers and , and lawn additives and that type of thing , but the cost is , is like , double or sometimes triple , Uh-huh . what the regular things you , fertilizers and things you buy . So , in , in terms of that , it 's , you know , and , for the environment it 's , it 's , there 's a good reason to do it , but the cost is kind of prohibitive . Now , see that 's recycling , you know , companies that do at least go into it , I 'd like to see subsidy by the government or something , or tax-wise or something , heavily enough to where they could get their prices lower than regular . Uh-huh . So that people would use this stuff re- , over again . 