that are used , and , uh , it 's really , um , and robots probably . But there 's always a , a moral to each story . And what night is it on ? Well , yo- , we watched it , the times we 've seen it , it 's been like on Satur- , or , excuse me , Friday night . Uh , but it 's , we 've only seen it a couple of times . But it , it 's real , the first one we saw , um , they were , it , it involved a tradition of when a per- , person reaches seventy-five , and I ca n't remember what day they call it , but , but , uh , the son-in-laws get to throw the mother-in-laws when they 're seventy five over a cliff . Oh , great . Anyway , Anyway , it , it goes on , you know , and the son-in-law and mother-in-law are sniping at each other and all , and then when it comes time for him to throw her over , well , the , the teenaged son the night before tried to save her by hiding her . Oh . And she said no , you ca n't do , you know , he ran her out , was running to hi , in a wheelchair to hide her , and she said , `` You ca n't do that . '' Huh . `` This is tradition . This is what old people are supposed to be , thrown over the , the cliff . '' And , uh , he said , `` I do n't understand . '' It 's , it 's real funny that they give the teenagers the , as the one that questions , uh , the , what 's going on . Uh-huh . And , uh , in the end of , uh , the son-in-law , when he did get the mother-in-law up to the cliff , uh , th- , the so- , the teenaged son throws himself in the way and says , `` No , you ca n't do it , '' and then , and then , uh , `` Oh , well , we 've got to do it . It 's tradition , '' and the son was , you know , `` Why ? '' And so , Uh-huh . in , in the end he does n't throw her over , Oh , he does n't . and , of course , the town thinks he 's just terrible , because that has been tradition for hundreds of years and he 's broken it . And then we saw one where this , there was a teenage , when a teenage boy comes into his manhood , they call it the night of the howling , Uh-huh . or something like that , and they all go out and howl , you know . And , and the son refused to do it . He , he did , he thought it was not ... So he did n't go howl ? 