Well , especially , you know , well , BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM starts off , you know , in the eighteen forties , you know . Yeah . And it 's like , wait , the war was n't until the eightee- , you know . It 's like , okay , and I realize these things , you know . These things take awhile like to move up , but it 's , you know , it 's hard sometimes . It 's right , that 's right . I find though , that if , when I find an author , uh , and you do n't read a lot of fiction , you said . But when I find , I read a lot of science fiction . Do you ? Yeah . When I find an author I really like , I try to read everything they write . Yeah . That , and I , I do the same thing . I , Because you , you get used to their style and you really enjoy it . Yeah . Uh , there 's one science fiction writer named , uh , Allen Dean Foster . Uh-huh . I 've heard of him . Oh , okay , yeah . He , um , I must have like fifty or sixty books by him . Is that right ? I mean , I have , you know , I have everything he 's ever well , almost everything he 's ever done . Uh-huh . And , um , you know , I , I know that when I , you know , when I get his book I 'm , I 'm usually going to enjoy it . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Um , so it 's really , you know , it 's , it 's fun to , to do that . Uh , Is n't it amazing that somebody can write that many books about science fiction ? I think that 's unbelievable . Yeah . Well , he does a lot of like , um , uh , movie adaptations and things like that . Oh , does he really ? Yeah . And , uh , his adaptations are usually really good . Oh . Um , it 's , it 's funny he , um , the , the novelization of STAR WARS was list- , you know , it , it was out in the , uh , in the stores as being by George Lucas . But it turns out that , uh , Foster actually , uh , ghost wrote it for him . Is that right ? Wh , which , you know , when I read it , I should have realized that because , I mean , it had Foster 's style written all over it . Is that right ? Yeah . Uh-huh . Well , I , I 've never read anything of his , but I 've heard about him . But would n't you think he would , does he get some royalties from that , hopefully ? Oh , I 'm sure he does . Well , I would think he would . I 'd hope so . Well , I mean he 's doing all right , probably . Oh , I 'm sure he is , I 'm sure he is . But sometimes the more you get the more you want too , 