Oh . Right outside of Dallas . Uh-huh . So we , um , we have a five year old , and we started taking her , she was pretty young when we started , uh , camping with her . Oh , the kids love it . I know . I mean , they just love it . It 's wonderful for them to be outside . I know , and then they , and they , you know , there 's no T V , and they do n't have all these modern toys , and they have to use sticks and rocks and stuff like , Exactly . that to play with . Yes . And I like that . It 's pretty fun . Well , how it , it 's really is a , is a good , good family thing , Uh-huh . to do . Yeah . Yeah . And , We , we try to , uh , go with another couple that have children also . Uh-huh . And , uh , that makes it a lot more enjoyable . Plus , you know , we do n't have to go out and buy all the equipment and stuff , you know , we kind of split it up . Uh , Good planning . Yeah . Because it gets , it really does get expensive if you , if you do n't want to rough it all the way . Exactly . You know , even the sleeping bags , those are running , you know , a good thirty dollars a pop , and , You 're right . and so we 've built that up . But , Do you have a boat ? No . No ? Want one bad . Do you ? Oh , well , actually , I would , you know what I would love ? I would absolutely love a sail boat . Oh . That does n't go along with camping , but , Yes . now that , that , that 's what I would like , Yeah , to have . I would too . Yeah . Would too . We usually , uh , let 's see , we try to go to a lake . My husband and this , uh , other couple that we go with , her husband , um , kind of likes , um , is it scuba dive ? And , so we 'll go to a lake and , uh , where they can go do that . Uh-huh . We 're close enough so they can do that , and the girls can play on the beach area . And I would play on the beach area too . Yeah . That 's what I would do . Yeah . Yeah . That 's fun . I 'm just sitting here list , listening to your accent and thinking what a good time the computer is going to have with that . Really ? Am I pretty Texan ? You 're pretty Texan . Yes . But you know , you know what 's really funny ? Um , I 've had people tell me that I have a Texas accent , and , and I mean , there is just no way I 've not picked one up . No , you do n't , you do n't sound like it to me . I 've only lived here about six years . Oh , have you ? So , i- , i- , if I have one , it must be very , very slight . Yeah . The Yankees can hear it . Yes . Oh , that 's true , that 's true . I , see I do n't think I do , but , uh , but a lot of people do say I sound like , I guess , I have , I guess more of a twang , Uh-huh . to my voice . Are you a , a native Texan ? I sure am . Oh . I 've lived here all my life . Well , good for you . But , any way , uh , , Have you ever been to Austin ? Yes , yes 