Okay . Well like I was saying , Burlington 's crime , it does n't involve children and , what you see on the T V -s from , you know , in Washington and New York . So what I believe the people want , the subject is , is big city crime , which is something that I do n't have any first hand experiences about , but I have , you know , concerns , and -- Uh-huh . -- I have a few ideas of , um , how to combat it . I mean , I do n't , I do n't think , ideally , you know , you need money to do everything so -- Uh-huh . -- That 's one thing that , that 's , that 's crime that you ca n't fight it if you need that money . So . Right , yeah , well , when , uh , we lived in San Antonio , I grew up around San Antonio , and it 's always been a very large , uh , city , and increasingly growing . It 's has kind of the split population . Um , there 's a lot of retired military , uh , individuals that live there , and then there 's a very large Hispanic population there . And the one thing that we noticed that over the years has gotten worse and worse is Hispanic , uh , gang crime in the city -- Oh , -- and that has , uh , been the worse thing that we 've seen happening . Does it spread out of the neighborhoods into the more the , uh , retired people 's community , or does it stay in the bad neighborhoods ? Um , the majority of the actual gang crimes , like the pat- , the drive by shootings and stuff stays in the neighborhoods , but the crime spreads out into the more affluent divisions through robberies , rape and , uh , car crime . There 's a very large , uh , or very high percentage of car theft . And San An- , San Antonio 's not far from the border to Mexico , so a lot of the , uh , cars go to , uh , you know , MUMBLEx shops , and they take them apart , and a lot of them go over the border , especially like Mercedes . A lot of those , those in the , the Z , uh , the Z cars , the Datsun cars end up over the border , and uh -- So that 's a big concern if you live there , -- very much so , is to really lock your car up . very much so , in fact , for a while there they had downtown if you were to come to a stop light , they had a rash of where people were , when people were stopped at stop signs that people would get in their car and hold a knife and hold them up . So now , ever since then , when you drive into the city , most people keep their doors locked while they 're in the car , until they get down there , and once you 've reached the , the river walk area , which is the tourist area , it 's usually pretty safe during the day , if you 're just kind of cautious and do n't go down the back streets or alleys , and , um , you know , or alone . If you stay with the groups and along the area where they have the river patrol cops , it 's very nice . But at , at evening , um , again , you , they have the high tourist area , the river walk area , which is nice , but you do n't want to get off the beaten track . Um , there 's a lot of parking garages there because parking is very tight . And so you do n't want to get caught in the parking garage , uh , alone . Oh , my , it sounds like , um , San Juan , Puerto Rico , we were there just , well for a lay over -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , well , it was n't a lay over , 