or two years or something like that , I do n't know that that would work if , Every time you , somebody 's , was , did n't really want to be there and did n't have , They could buy their way out . Yeah , I mean , there would be loopholes just like there is in anything else . Right , you know , they , they 'd figure a way around that one in a heartbeat . But , , I 'm wondering if there 's another issue here , and maybe this is why this has died out . Can you go into , and this was n't the question but it 's , it may be the more of the issue versus should young adults , can they go in there and can anyone go into , well , out of the Kurdish community is a little bit extreme at this time , but say , I think Bangladesh would have been a good example or some , some really desperate situation and teach them to farm and teach them and it does n't do any good . Yeah . I do n't know that it does . I , I , Yeah . do n't know that , um , if you step back from the current issue and look at it more intellectually , there are forever over , as long as we know there are races of people that are dropping out . You know , we 're losing certain , Uh-huh . races of people . There are people now that are obsolete point and fact just , just like endangered species of animals , so there are quote tribes of people , Uh-huh . that are endangered or obsolete . And I 'm just wondering if you 're fighting a natural process there of being winnowed out . There 's a German word for it that 's elegant , but I never can remember what it was , uh , but , but that they 're , they 're being winnowed because they 're , where they are they 're not adapted to their environment essentially . Right , yeah . Um , and one of the quick examples is the Aborigines . Yeah , uh-huh . Uh , when we were in Australia , , uh , sad little things . Uh , I felt sorry for them . Because their society is n't there anymore , and their belief system and a- , all their structured of theirs , all the structures of their society are gone , essentially . Yeah . And they 're just kind of more like a side show than anything else and that 's sad . Yeah . But I do n't think there 's any way you could go , uh , the Peace Corps could go in and rescue those people , and I do n't think you could have done it fifty or a hundred years ago either . Yeah . So , I , I 'm wondering if the Peace Corps is , Well , really an effective tool . Down here with the Peace Corps we 're talking about all these people that are n't even in our own country when there 's enough people here that I think probably need help and , Good point . could be helped . We 've got enough without lea- , without a passport there 's plenty . Yeah . Yes . I think we ought to worry about our own species . And maybe rather than just , require somebody to join like the Peace Corps for a year maybe like , um , during college , you know , maybe have some kind of course where they 'd be required to do some kind of community service type work , and help people in that area or people in the United States . I wonder now in , and I 've been out of school too long to answer this , but I wonder if there are n't some sociology courses . There probably are , you know , for but I 'm sure , that 's probably like people that do that are , are the people that are going to go into social work and stuff but I think that it would n't really be half bad for everybody not to do something , you know , and realize it 's everybody 's responsibility to , um , help these people , you know , and no- , I 'm not saying just give them money but , I mean , because they have to be taught to be , That 's the last thing you want , Yeah . to do . I mean , I know that 's what my father-in-law was talking about , you know , when you give these people money or , , what was it they were bringing up points asking as far as whether they need to give , um , more money to these people , I mean , and that 's not really the answer , I mean , because if they 're alcoholics they 'll just go out and spend , Yeah , that 's exactly it . it on , you know , booze or something like that , but . They 're not going to take that money you give them and go try to figure out a way to dry out with it . Now come on , let 's be realistic , Yeah . that 's just not realistic . Or , you know , to find a job where they can learn how to support themselves , Right . I mean , I guess we 're getting kind of off the subject , , here , but . No , we 're not I do n't think . I think , Yeah , I mean it 's , that 's more realistic than goin , making them go in the Peace Corps . True . Yeah . I think that 's a lot more realistic . Uh , I , I think that we should be spending more time and , and again I do n't think the , the Peace Corps is , is as successful now simply because it 's not . It does n't fit the circumstance anymore . Yeah . Uh , we 've got plenty , in fact , we 've got far too many . You 're in , uh , what r- , Flower Mound ? Flower Mound , yeah . So , we 're a little fa- , you know , farther removed from like Dallas and some of the areas where they probably have more of the homeless and that type of thing . I was , that 's exactly what I was going to ask you . Have you ever , have , have you been downtown recent- , 