Uh , yeah , I think that 's a , that 's a contributor definitely . I mean , the , uh , car air conditioners is -- Right . -- one of the major leaking sources of , uh , the , uh , freon . Right . Which is one of the major flor- , chlorofar- , fluorocarbons . Yeah , I guess right now what they 're , what they 're primarily worried about is third world countries because I guess United States and , and Russia have kind of taken the lead in terms of eliminating C F C production , but -- Well , it , it , -- it , go ahead . No , it 's , it 's the type of thing there that , uh , you know , the Third World countries are less industrial and they want to become industrial -- Uh-huh . -- so they 're on the different part of the cycle of the U S . The U S used , you know , all the air pollution stuff and air polluting technologies to get where it is today . Right . And that 's one of the arguments that the Third World countries have been using is , that basically they do n't want to have to pay for our mistakes if , if that makes any sense . Uh , in terms of , Or , or they want the right to make the same mistakes themselves to bootstrap them up to the way , where we -- Exactly . -- got to . Exactly . Uh , those of kind of , yeah , those are joining arguments , but , uh , I do n't know , that 's , that 's kind of an interesting situation there . Uh , what they do n't realize , those third world countries , what they do n't realize is how quickly the ozone is depleting . I guess the latest figures are up to fifty percent at the Poles and it 's , it 's increasing even as far near the Equator as like Florida and Cuba and those places . Yeah . So it 's kind of an interesting situation . It 's not , not a real good one actually . No . But , Well , you also have the very close related thing of the , uh , rain forest destruction -- Yeah . -- which is the main source of what 's clearing out the atmosphere and -- Uh-huh , yeah . -- replacing some of the pollutants . Yeah , you do n't get that , that source of cleansing anymore . Are , have you been in big cities a long time ? Mostly , I 've mostly been in the east coast , so that 's going between Atlanta , Washing- , D C area , Okay , so you 've got , A- , Yeah , those are actually areas that are hit pretty hard , I would think . Well , not , not as hard as some places out west because you do n't get the , uh , major pollution sources as you do out in Denver with the -- Yeah , Denver 's definitely -- -- inversion -- -- yeah , that 's one of the worst . -- and Los Angeles and a- , rest of California which is just terrible it sounds . Sure . Yeah , Denver 's that , that real good e- , that real good , uh , example of sitting in a valley , kind of like Mexico City does , I guess . Uh-huh . Mexico City is historically been one of the worst -- Yeah . -- in the , in the world for that . But I 've been pretty lucky , I 've lived in cities that really have n't had that much of a problem , although , uh , I 'm really kind of based in Orlando , Florida and there , you can tell that it 's getting worse . 