Even if it is , you know , the best thing in the long run , it just steps on too many people 's toes , Yeah . who are comfortable with the way the situation is . Yeah , I , I think , you know , what I 'd have to , I , I gues , I guess to answer the question directly , I 'm still just a , a little bit , you know , leery of the whole thing . Uh-huh . What I have n't seen is the , uh , you know , a great stepping back in the military , Right . situation . You know , it 's , it 's one thing , you know , to let us go ahead and sort of disarm and , you know , I even had a thought once that the whole Iraqi thing might have been just a , a deal to go ahead and let us , uh , you know , Expend ? expend some , some military hardware . Of course , it did n't turn out that way . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , that , that may have been a , a , a kind of far out way of thinking about it I do n't know . Well , it 's interesting , anymore the world 's getting so small that it does n't seem to tolerate anymore any kind of the expansionism , Uh-huh . philosophy that , that was here in , Yeah . you know , twenty years ago . Uh , but , of course , the people who have challenged that or tried to do , on- , have cor- , have not been world powers . So , it 's easier for us to say , you know , to an Iraq , you know , Uh-huh . uh , you ca n't do this , get back , you know , or we 're going to force you . Yeah , or , or we can do something about it . Yeah . Whereas , you know , if the Soviet Union would have , who knows what taking over Mongolia or , or something like that , who is really , will we have been more just rhetoric , Uh-huh . uh , rather than going in there officially or , you know , Yeah . physically and try to , to remove them . Well , the , the China situation , you know , the when , it looked like that thing was , was turning around and all of a sudden it was like somebody in the , in the Red Square or wherever said , okay , and that 's enough . Uh-huh . And the tanks came in and , Exactly . you know , pretty much took care of that . And , Yeah , uh , that , MUMBLEx personally I do n't see as Gorbachev as being maybe a threat , and I think he 's actually , honestly trying to do some change . Uh-huh . But I do n't believe that he , in this first pass around , you know , being the first one to really turn things around or attempt to is going to be allowed to get away with it either . Yeah . Well , this would be like if somebody was elected president of the United States and suddenly took off toward , you know , just some pretty hard by the socialism , Uh-huh . and , uh , you know , the , the reaction , uh , you know , the , the economic , well , the , uh , the social structure of the Soviet Union , you know , it , it 's , it 's coming apart at the seams . Uh-huh . You know , and I 've heard people say , well , you know , it 's just like the American Civil War , will there be a union or not ? Well , no , it 's not the same sort of a thing at all because that , the whole Soviet system was put together under total force , you know , there was no , as , as we are seeing now with a lot of those , Right . 