but they do n't live at home . Oh , okay , I was ra- , I had two younger brothers , and they nearly drove me crazy listening to telephone conversations and , Oh , I used to do that though because I was the youngest , I would pick up the phone and listen to theirs . But I , I would get in the bathroom and lock the door so maybe they could n't hear me , and then they would go get on the other extension -- Oh . -- and I could hear them , but I could n't get them to hang up , you know . Yeah . But I stopped doing that a long time ago , and they still do it to me . Even it , in the office I , uh , find that people walk up and , and when you 're on a conversation instead of walking off or just making themselves busy , they 'll stand there and listen to what you say until you hang up . Oh , like , s- , yeah , this lady does that to me at work -- Uh-huh . -- when I 'm taking an order or something , and she 'll just sit there and listen like I 'm doing something wrong , and she just started and , she is nice but . Okay . But , you know , it gets annoying when they stand right over you watching everything you do . Yeah . But , I- , Let 's see , I ca n't think of anything else -- No . -- I 'd really consider an invasion of privacy other than the phone solicitors . About the only thing that really bothers me I do n't have that many people coming to my door . Right . Well , occasionally we 'll have a person here or there , but not , not as many as the phone calls , Uh-huh . you know , so . But , And I guess that 's really th- , the thing that really bugs me the most . I ca n't think , tha- , our kids in our neighborhood used to bother me , but they 've all gotten grown up now -- Uh , -- and we live in a neighborhood where there is not any little kids to bother me , Oh . since mine are all grown up , but . What else would be an annoyance ? Well , I guess traffic could be an annoyance . Oh , yeah . Especially when you 're in a hurry . Do you have a lot of traffic in your area ? Um , it can get busy , yeah . Usually in the week I 'm MUMBLEx . Uh-huh . Some days it 's real , real bad here , and you would like to , feel like it 's an invasion of privacy because you ca n't even ride down the road without people all the way around you , Yeah , uh-huh . you know . But , Yeah , I 've traveled quiet a bit , and I 've been through Dallas , Texas . It 's pretty busy . It really is , and pretty noisy . Yeah . 