Have you all got the individual containers yet ? No , I read in the paper this week where maybe , I do n't know if it w , was , I guess maybe this week someone may start getting them if the truck that picks them up is outfitted in time . Um . But , it , it should be starting , I would stay probably in the next month if , if everything goes that , I 'm not sure all what we 're going to have to do , whether we have three separate containers , I really do n't understand that part on what they 've told you to separate everything . Right . Yeah , it seemed like , uh , if , if I recall , it 's been a long time . They 're way behind schedule on that particular part of it . They were fine on the green , big green containers -- Uh-huh . -- but , uh , seems like they said they were just going to have a bin and all different types would go in there and then that they would sort it as -- Oh . -- as needed . It , it seemed that there was , at the time anyway , it , the thinking was that there was too much not getting sorted properly and that at , at the collection sites where everything 's clearly labeled and people that happen to go to that kind of trouble to do it , happen to do it pretty well , uh , those are okay to have the general public doing the sorting . But when it comes down to just general purpose trash , that all the houses , uh , the success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor , so they felt that having one guy just sit there and run through it real quick was better than , than -- Uh-huh . -- having a household try it . But I , I do n't know , that sounds like an awful lot of labor to sort the entire week 's worth of trash for a house . Well , it would get messy , too . Yeah , yeah , I , I , I know other places when they recycle , they have to , like , wash out their glass jars and -- Right . -- whatnot . And , uh , which we 're not in the habit of doing . That 's true . I was brought up , uh , you know , long time ago , that they did n't even have cans . They had bottles 