why do n't you go first . Okay , um , I like to do , uh , weight training and , and cycling . And just walking , uh , swimming . I used to do a lot of basketball and running and volleyball until I had some knee surgery last fall . And the doctor said that running and jumping is n't real good for my knee anymore , so I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit . Well , let me ask a personal question , how old are you ? Thirty-eight . Oh , well then you should see over thirty-five everything goes downhill flop . Well , the rest of me is in pretty good shape it 's just that left knee that just does n't want to do everything it used to . Oh , you 're lucky then because I 've battled arthritis all my life , Really ? I mean even since I was like about two or three . Oh . Then they diagnosed it , and usually most people are just absolutely crippled , and , uh , I do water aerobics . Oh , I bet that helps . Religiously do water aerobics , Uh-huh . I used to do it about six times a week and now I 'm down to about four but it 's about the only thing that keeps my mobility in sh- , in there , uh , I tried weight training and I 'm telling you , you just , I just ca n't lift the things . Yeah . And the shock on the system is , is just too much , so I have stuck to water aerobics basically , you know , the weightless thing and , Yeah . trying to keep this shape that way but , you know , it 's hard to find . I mean it 's really hard to find a place that 's going to offer water aerobics because what I 'm finding is that if they do offer it , you get the crowd of women that are , , I think they feel this is going to be an effortless sweatless way , That 's right . to get in shape , That 's right . without having to spend anything or it 's the geriatric crowd . That 's right . So , I 've considered even becoming licensed to teach it . Well , I mean , if , if you know what your routine is , you can do that by yourself , and you probably do . Yeah , but you have to have an indoor pool . This is true . So , to find an indoor pool where either you can do this by yourself without , you know , drawing a lot of looks , means you 're really going to do a strenuous workout activity MUMBLEx you look very odd in the water , Well , that , that was the one place where I was also able to do weight training , and that does look very odd in the water . I can believe that . Have you tried the , uh , the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center ? No , and you know , that 's the only place I have n't tried and people have told me . Now that 's the Texins facility ? Yes . I have been told that thing is just lovely . It is . They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round . Huh . He- , do you use that facility a lot ? Um , a fairly , a fairly good amount , uh , more on the weekends , uh , I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings , I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center . Huh . Do you know if they have child care there ? Um , have you done your attitude survey for this year yet ? 