Now what , what keeps you doing that . I mean , I , I sometimes start little , much less , much more modest efforts , but I give up , I just find them boring . Hard to -- Well , uh , -- find the time for it on a given day and , Years ago I used to , uh , referee football -- Yes . -- and , uh , to stay in condition , I did that , uh , just as a normal -- Yes . -- basis , and , uh , uh , I tell you just by doing it , uh , well , example , this summer I , I was about fifteen pounds heavier than I wanted to be so I , I increased , I do three hundred sit ups a day now , but not at that , in the morning , I do a hundred then and then I do about a hundred before supper and about a hundred before I go to bed . Uh-huh . I lost fifteen pounds just by doing that because you tighten your stomach muscles -- Yes . -- and , you know , you can eat anything you want , drink anything you want , but you do n't , you know , within reason , you know , you can lose weight or maintain your weight -- Uh-huh . -- and your physical being -- Yep . -- and , uh , I just , you know , you 're ready to go at a , I , I , I think it 's really important . Well , I , I , whenever I do it , I feel good . Good . I mean good that I have done , good because it 's , it seems right and good because it has good effects . But , but it 's this maintaining a , a regular habit that I just ca n't -- Well , that 's why -- -- seem to do . -- Chuck , I think , uh , if you did it on a daily basis -- Yeah . -- and you did n't need elaborate things , you know , where you can make excuses like , well , I , I like biking and during the summer , I 'll do , you know , at least seventy-five miles a week -- Uh-huh . -- and when I really was doing it maybe a hundred and fifty , but -- Uh-huh . -- you ca n't , you know , there 's excuses , weather -- Yep . -- or you do n't have time or something like that . But if you do some basic exercises and you say every morning , just like brushing your teeth you 're going to spend fifteen minutes or a half hour . Uh-huh . And you get up a half hour earlier -- Uh-huh . -- and once you start getting into that , one , you just feel good -- Yes . -- and you look a whole lot better . Yes . Do you , do you does your wife participate in any of this or , Unfortunately not , and there 's no way I can get her to . Uh-huh . It 's a , like it 's something you either just really want to do it or you ca n't talk anyone into it . If you do n't like to exercise , you know , it is n't going to happen . Yes , yes . I , I sure wish she would . She 's , you know , unfortunately overweight , and , but she 's a wonderful woman and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , no sense getting in arguments with anybody , about it . Yeah , yeah . 