-- and I guess I still have a soft spot . I just hate that that 's the coach -- Right . -- that 's leading them . Right . So , now have they , they 're in the playoffs , right ? Yeah , they made it to the playoffs finally like just , you know , two years ago they were one and fifteen . They won like just one game and so pretty fast turnaround . But this year they made it to playoffs and today was the first game and they beat the Chicago Bears so everybody 's really going crazy , you know , down here . I 'll bet they are . They 're going crazy , so , so they turned it around , but , you know , they have a lot of young exciting players now , uh , I mean , everybody was real upset , you know , when they fired Tom Landry , but , you know , now it 's like , you know , they 're doing good so everybody 's forgotten about that . Uh , football fans are probably the most fickle people in the world . Uh-huh . Hit a bad season and it 's , you know , the coach 's fault , let 's , let 's dump him . Right . First good season , the coach can do no wrong . Right , exactly . But they -- You know . -- Dallas has always been good ahead , you know , heading good players and -- Uh-huh . -- both running , running backs and , and defense . Right , yeah , uh , you know , they have a young team . It 's , you know , a lot different than the teams they used to have where it 's the same old , you know , players every year and , you know , same coach , same everything , so , now it 's , you know , like a taste of something different . They 're all not , you know , mister nice guys like they used to be . Now it 's like , you know , tough and dirty team so everybody is really excited . And , Who is the competition going to be ? Well , it 's supposed to be the Redskins , but you know , we beat them already . We beat them this year in , in Washington so , you know , so everybody has the feeling like we can go all the way to the Super Bowl , but , you know , it 's just that we have to play every game away , you know , it 's going to be tough , but , but every- , 