but , You know , I know sometimes our cat will , will stay out all night , and when he 's not right at the door in the morning I really worry that something 's happened to him , that somebody , he 's got in a fight or , you know , somebody 's hit him and , and uh , if he does n't come by mid morning , then I really get scared . But he 's always come back eventually so , Well , that 's good . That 's one thing about cats though , they 're so small -- Yeah . -- and , you know , they can get hurt a lot easier . Yeah . You know , they can get hurt a lot easier , Yeah , you know , they can . so that would make you really , Yeah . tend to worry about them , you know , if they 're not right there Yeah . Well , but he 's a real feisty guy . He fights with other cats in the neighborhood because he does n't want them on our property . Is that right ? He 's , cats are really almost more territorial than , than dogs are . They just really do not want other animals on their property . They 're very , very he , he just any cat that comes near , and even a dog he wo n't , he wo n't jump at them or anything , but he 'll sit and he 'll watch , and , I think maybe he would if it came real close , but he 's very protective of our property . Huh . That 's really , I , I guess I really do n't know cats that well because my mother never liked them , Uh-huh . so I never had them growing up , Yeah . so , you know , I never really had them around me , you know , so I 've never owned one , you know , since I , Well , they 're really a lot different than dogs because they 're not , they 're very independent , and they 're very , he 's very affectionate when he wants to be , but if you want him to be and he does n't want to be , he 'll just , he 'll , you know either scratch you or run away . Huh . But when he wants to be , uh , he 's really affectionate . He likes to lay next to you and have you scratch his head and , and , and snuggle up to you , and , but if he 's not in the mood , you 'd better stay away from him . Huh . But , dogs seem to be always in the mood . They 're always , you know , right there , and like , like you to pet them and loving . Yeah , that 's true . I , I like the way they come up and they 'll , they 'll put their head underneath your hand , you know . Yeah , yeah , oh . that , and , uh , most dogs do that . I mean , Yeah , they do . I do n't know any that really do n't . I mean , you know , they know exactly how to get that attention , you know , They sure do . they just , you know , come up , and they put your , you know -- Yeah . -- or they 'll rub their , their head against you , you know . Now , do you keep him indoors most of the time other than to go outs- , Well , no . Well , well , he 's outside during the day and then we get home at night we do bring him in . You have a fenced yard or , Uh-huh , Uh-huh . yeah . The backyard , it 's really big , too , for him to run in and stuff . That 's why we could n't understand why he would want to get out , Yeah . you know , because he 's had all this room to run in , and , but , Well , how did he get out ? He dug a hole under the fence . Oh , boy . Well , see , he did , he did it a couple weeks ago , dug a hole , and , you know , we , we filled it back up -- Uh-huh . -- put him back in there . He did it again -- Uh-huh . -- so we chained him up -- Uh-huh . -- you know , but we really did n't want to keep him chained up because , you know , we feel like that 's just too restricting for him . Right , right . So , uh , we got , we , we put dirt in the hole and then put some chicken wire around it , you know , so that he could n't get out . Uh-huh . Well , he kind of ripped through the chicken wire . Oh . So I ca n't , I , I , I just have not , I do n't understand , you know , because it 's , like , he 's got a good home , you know , he 's got , I mean , we have two kids , you know , that just love him a lot , Yeah , yeah . You know , it 's like we ca n't understand why he kept wanting to get out , you know , we just could n't , Well , you know , that , animals are like that . They like to roam and investigate . Yeah . I guess that 's , And see what 's going on . Yeah , I guess that 's probably true . I do n't think it 's anything we did . No . Least I hope not . No . I 'm sure that , yeah , No , I , I know , I mean he 's always , you know , he really does have a good home . I think that 's what really bothers me the most about it . Yeah . You know , it 's like , How are your kids handling it ? Well , I do n't know if it 's quite hit him , hit them . Uh-huh . I have two girls , Uh-huh . and they , they just been real , uh , I do n't know , at first , you know , they seemed to be upset , but now it 's like , uh , well if he does n't come home , can we get another dog . yeah , that sounds like kids . . It 's like , , wait a minute , you know , . 