and they say that , uh , juries are extremely vulnerable to , uh , sort of emotional pitches , you know , the prosecutor will want to , oh , I do n't know show the , show the mugging victim , you know , show what the nice person he was and what a family life , and basically get the jury to be very sympathetic with the victim , and , uh , or , or , uh , if it 's a corporation , that was , uh , you know , har , harming some individual or something like that , they get very much , well , you know , it 's just a big faceless corp- , corporation . Let 's , let 's make them pay as much as possible . Uh-huh . Things like that . So , not , I , I mean , I 'm , the problem is I ca n't guarantee that a judge would be necessarily be much better than a jury , but I 'd be real nervous having a jury not at least fully agree on what the settlements would be , Ri- , things like that . I , uh , I do , I , I do n't think the judge should just make the decision alone . Yeah . Least with the jury you have twelve people , you know -- Uh-huh . -- that are going to decide , you know , Well , how about having a j- , jury and a judge work together on it somehow ? I wonder if that 's possible ? I guess the judge 's time is worth too much , though . Exac- , MUMBLEx judge . They pay that judge , they pay those jury members very little money compared to that judge . Right , exactly . He makes more money in an hour than all twelve of them put together . Probably , yeah . Yeah . But , uh , no , it 's , it 's sad , though , that , uh , that the people , though , that you , you , somebody 's life is in twelve people 's hands and sometimes those twelve people could care less . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , uh , or they fool the , the defense in thinking that they 're , you know , because when they go through those processes they kind of pick out who they want . Oh , of course . It 's , it 's political maneuvering . The , the one side is looking for someone whose face they think will , you know , want to hang everyone , and the other one is going to look for someone very sympathetic . They 're not looking for someone who 's going to be the most reasoned or sensible or rational juror . Neither side wants that . They want to find a juror that 's going to , uh , be most persuadable by their arguments , you know . Exactly . Uh , I wish it were a little bit harder to not serve on juries actually . I mean , I know , it , it , it 's tricky because I know , you know , an awful lot of intelligent people who just , well 