Yeah . But , it 's sort of scary to find yourself single again , you know . Uh-huh . And , uh , because you never know what 's going to happen . You do n't know who you 're going to come across , you know . Yeah . Course , it 's , it 's not that I 'm wanting to , I 'm not going to want to go and have sex with everybody I see . Uh-huh . But it 's something you got to think about these days . Yeah . A single person . Uh-huh . You know , and , uh , I mean , it certainly changed my attitude about that -- Yeah . -- in a hurry . Yeah . And , uh , I think for a lot of people it has . Certainly . So , Yeah . So , But , uh , uh , I know that , uh , in some of these larger cities they 're passing out free syringes and all of that sort of thing -- Uh-huh . -- to prevent , you know , so that , uh , the drug addicts -- Drug addicts . -- wo n't be -- Uh-huh . -- getting dirty needles and everything . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know , I do n't think that 's a bad idea . Uh-huh . I know it , uh , sort of does n't address the problem of drug addiction . Yeah . It just sort of keeps that going . Yeah . But , uh , I do n't know , at least drug addiction can be treated whereas AIDS , so far , can not be . Uh-huh . You know , so , I do n't know , that , I think that 's , I 'm not too a- , much against the , the passing out of the free syringes myself . Uh-huh . I do n't know , what do you think about that ? Well , yeah , boy -- -- that 's a hard issue . It really is . It really is . It really is . They gave us a hard topic . Yeah . I mean , I , I definitely think that it 's the drug problem that needs to be addressed , but as you say , uh , people , I mean , in the meantime , well -- Uh-huh . -- someone who 's not ready to give up drugs , uh , That 's true . You know . That 's true . If they 're perp , perpetrating the AIDS problem , passing that on to each other , then -- Yeah . -- you know , You know , I guess if you consider the two problems , drug addiction and AIDS -- Yeah . -- AIDS would have to come first , I guess , as far as -- Yeah . -- something to , to do about it . Uh-huh . So , so I do n't know . Uh , course , there 's so many things in the world where , if you solve one problem , you may be creating another , you know . Yeah . And , uh , so I guess you just have to take the two problems and see which is worse . Yeah . Which is the most important to solve at the time 