he said , they 're much , they 're as much work as a kid , and they 're harder to get rid of for the weekend , . And , Uh , I do n't , I do n't know because the cats pretty much , um , yeah , we can leave them for a weekend as long as we put plenty of food out , Uh-huh . and , um , uh , it 's not a big deal really , I mean they 're , they 're happier when we 're around but , you know , they , they 're pretty much okay by themselves , um , and I do n't , you know , we could n't do that with a dog . That 's , uh , yeah , really true . But like the friends , other friends of mine have cats , they have four of them , and if they go away , they have , they hire a pet sitter to come in twice a day and pet them and things like that and their cats , you know , they 're so used to the attention , that if they do n't get it , they get really upset , Well , that 's , and , you know , they sort of cause trouble around the house and things like that . That 's , um , pampering the , the petals . I , I tried to have , um , , figured something having , MUMBLEx so I tried to have a goldfish , Uh-huh . and , um , I killed that one within a very short amount of time . But they 're not that much fun , you know , you ca n't take them for a walk , you ca n't , you know , they , they do n't , they ca n't fetch , you know , Right . they ca , they ca n't do anything , so I 've never , I think we had fish sh- , when I was a kid but I do n't , My brother had fish when I was a kid I remember that , and one of his fish jumped out of the , um , gosh , what do you call it , fish tank . And fried itself , , on the radiator behind the dresser . I 'll never forget that because I remember my brother , Oh . he came home and he counted the fish and one of the fish was missing and they could n't find it anyplace , they could n't figure out what had happened and then they found it fried on , , the radiator behind . Oh . MUMBLEx it was not gross , I did n't see it but , um , Oh . MUMBLEx got them . Trying to remember we had a dog for a while , and I do n't know if we got rid of the dog because my brother was allergic to it , my brother had asthma and some allergies which I think he 's outgrown now , 