and they , they 're put on like , they were the ones that caused it or whatever , but , to me , when you do the crime , then you should pay for whatever you did , and , and you should n't be able to go on the lesser charge . I do n't , I do n't think that 's right because all 's that 's going to do is say , Oh , well , you know , that was a breeze , I can go out and do it again and , you know -- Yeah . -- have the same thing happen . That 's , that 's not right . Well , that 's where , uh , the role of juries is , is restricted and , I 'm not sure I 'd want to change that aspect of it , one is , it 's restricted in the sense that , juries only decide the charges that are actually , uh , brought , you know -- Right . -- if it 's first degree rape , second deg- , degree rape or whatever , they only get to decide on that , well , okay this person has been charged with first degree rape , uh , and you can decide guilt or innocence on that . Uh-huh . Uh , such like , maybe in murder they get to choose whether it 's , uh , premeditated or one or two of the lesser degrees . The other thing that juries are restricted on and , and at least to me this has been one of the frustrating things in my , even in my own experiences , that you usually do n't get to hear all the information . Yeah . It 's what information is presented and , uh , I do n't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards , but often juries hear only a fraction of the , of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence . And to me , how can you , how can you make a decision if you do n't have all of the evidence in front of , whether it be , whether it pertains to the case or not , somebody thinks it , it had , because they 've got it there . Uh-huh . So the lawyers , the two lawyers are the ones that have all the information . Yeah , and -- Do n't they ? -- the truth that 's brought out is , uh , as I say , when I 've heard about , you know , the oath is to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , is that they want , uh , they do n't want , uh , the whole truth . I mean -- They only put part of it . -- you can say , yeah . Yeah . The , because stories look very different when you hear different parts of the , of the truth . Right . Well , that 's just like that old witness game , well , it 's a game kids play , too , but , uh , somebody did it , just for your train of thought where they , they showed something and they asked , they , there were , uh , like four people , 