but you just sort of had to watch what you put in , Uh-huh . because you hate to pay those finance charges , That 's right . when you see how much it is . That 's right . And for most of , uh , I mean I 'm a substitute teacher , and I 've only substituted , I guess , for the last fifteen years , Huh . so there 's only been really one working . Uh-huh , same here . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , it works for me but I ca n't see that it would work for probably the majority of people . Well , I could say it 's kind of , you know , that 's , that 's good . You ma- , you probably have a little extra than you have to have , to , you know what I 'm saying ? Yeah . And so , that , that 's the difference there where sometimes like I know if we 've had an especially bad month and we 're just almost getting down to payday , then I think if we could really budget , we tried one tim- , I know when we were planning to buy the new car and we had n't had a car payment in five years , we had to go ahead and write down each month what it was that every penny went for , Uh-huh . to see how much was going to be left , Yeah . and that was a real eye opener . Uh-huh . It , it is when you do it that way . Uh-huh . But to , to have lived by that every week would have been tough for me because sometimes I 'll spend less on groceries but we 'll go out . So it 's kind of hard to say this is how much you 're going to spend going out for fun . This is how much you 're going to spend . It 's kind of hard . Well , we , we eat out a good deal at this point . Do you ? I , I started subbing just to go on a vacation and saved , Yeah , yeah . all that money so because I knew that you could n't , you know , spending , Right . five thousand dollars on a vacation , Right . or whatever . We were going to go for ten weeks , uh , Oh . in nineteen eighty so I started , How nice . working in nineteen eighty-seven and just saved , Uh-huh . for three years . But the , what minuscule amount I made but , W- , that way you just did n't put it on your credit card , Well , that 's , and , and it was paid for . and it made a big , and you enjoyed it better probably . Yes . Yeah , MUMBLEx . And so I think that that 's difficult for most people , but then my father was , I think so too . very Scotch and , you know , you never could afford anything although we could afford everything if he wanted to . Um , So if you 're out like in a department store and there 's a sale , you 're just real careful not to let your urges get hold of you ? Yes . 