Uh-huh . uh , arbitrarily that is always going to fit in all cases . I think maybe you look at , uh , the age of the person and their station in life and , and , uh , how much longer they have of work years that they would have to put up , you know , with , with that . I mean maybe you do n't award an eighty-five year old guy the same thing that you would award a twenty-one year old . Huh . I , I think it has to be some kind of common sense applied there . And there may be where the judiciary is a little more learned about that type of thing because they can be schooled in that kind of thing , Uh-huh . and that can be part of continuing education , maybe for judges . Yeah . I do n't know . . Right . You know , to get into the economics of things , uh , because if they wheel somebody into a courtroom and the jury 's heart goes out to that person and they do one of these mega awards , Yeah . it really , you know , ultimately is not penalizing the person that they 're trying for get away . That 's true . If it 's a company , you know that they 're insured . Unless the award is so staggering that it goes all beyond their layers of insurance which is another pet peeve of mine when they do award punitive damages , Huh . I think those should be uninsurable . I think those should have to be paid by the corporation itself that , Oh , out of thei- , r- , that did the damage . As opposed to the corporat , insurance paying the bills , Yeah . MUMBLEx . Yeah . Uh-huh . Well , we 're , For , for honest mistakes where they 've done something and , and something happens . One of their employees causes damage or something . Wh- , Sure . That 's what they buy insurance for . Who , who do they get , they get insured , they get insured from other insurance companies or how does that work ? Well , I was just talking about any company . Uh , Oh , okay , you 're talking about corpor- , let 's just say a lumber manufacturing company and , Sure . uh , somebody is on the premises and one of the employees actually is driving by with a forklift and he pushes the wrong button and he drops a load of lumber on somebody and it injures , Okay . them . Well , Sure . 