and they worked but I 'm not disciplined enough to keep doing it . Uh-huh . The best program we ever had is at the beginning of the month we took and , uh , took my check and divided it out into envelopes -- Yeah . -- and then paid for the expenses out of that envelope and when the envelope was empty , then you did n't have any more money to spend in that area . Uh-huh . And that worked out real well cause we did n't have to keep writing down what we 'd spent . Uh-huh . It was just that when that was empty , you knew you were out of money . And we did that pretty successfully for about three months and then we started borrowing from one envelope to put it in the other envelope and in about two months we were back to doing the same thing we always do . Huh . The , uh , I had a part-time job around , oh gosh , fifteen years ago , seventy-six , and , uh , uh , this was a sort of a career shift at the time and so I was willing to take a half time job to do that . And I actually did , my bank account would , uh , I 'd , I , I kept bouncing checks , just at the end of the month but I , I had miscalculated . I , well I did n't keep a balance . It 's one of the problems . I never had to in the past . I always kept plenty of money in my checking account , but when you 're only earning half the salary . Even though I was n't spending much money , I sometimes I sometimes would just , things would get to tight . Uh , and sometimes what I would do is keep a piece of paper in my wallet and every time I , uh , I spent money , I mean cash mostly , I would , uh , write it down -- Uh-huh . -- so I could see at the end of a month how much I spent on food so I could do better planning . Uh-huh . But I would forget to write the things down and it , that I , I do n't know if I ever went as far as three months or not i- , i- , in keeping that kind of data . I certainly have n't done that in sixteen years or whatever . I even find now like with the automatic tellers , I 'll go take money out of that -- Yeah . -- and then I forget to take that out of my checking account . Uh-huh . And , uh , Yeah . So I , I , I leave a little bit of a slush fund in my checking account and I figure that , so the balance showing in the checking account is always somewhat different that what 's really there . Uh-huh . And I figure that gives me room for the mistakes I make . Uh-huh . The , uh , I , i- , I have to say that , let 's see , at this point on , I do n't run out of money . Uh , and it , uh , a- , and I do n't , I mean someday , if I were to get remarried I might want to buy a house which requires lots of money which I do n't have and I , I , I think my strategy if , if I may , i , i , is to , is to not spend money . 