Yeah , uh-huh . Oh , that , that would be wonderful -- Yeah , -- to read something like that . and he really , this man really shed some light on , um , some , Yeah . aspects of of Bach 's genius and , and , and , you know , the , and more sociological things , you know , like the , the idea that , um , that music , to be a musician was as much , um , of a family occupation as anything . I mean , you know , that was -- Yes . -- it was families had just loads of musicians . Yeah , and they just went from generation , Yeah . probably to generation , that 's right . just with these , with these all passing it from one to the other . Yes , uh-huh , and , um , Yeah , that 's the way it was , I 'm sure back then . Yeah . So , uh , Yeah . Oh , that 's interesting . it was just really interesting , if that 's , you know , that 's kind of what , but I have to not only am , am I re , reading it to decide whether or not it should be reviewed , but also , um , because the board of advisers for this , um , journal does n't have , right now does n't have a really respected name , um , who 's a , uh , a scholar on , on music , Uh-huh . um , and I 'm supposed to decide whether I think this man might be a worthy person to be a , you know , in that position on the board so , Oh , yeah . I do n't know if I want to take that responsibility or not , but . Wow , that 's rough . But at least I , That 's real rough . can tell them what I think , so , um , Yeah . it 's real interesting . Yeah , it is . Because I think our , I think my alma mater , um , Gettysburg , I think they were just starting a magazine -- Uh-huh . -- that was similar to that . Yeah , yeah . I think that 's probably a , sort of a thing to do -- Yes . -- in small colleges , Yeah , but , um , that it , you know , you see , you see a lot of small colleges doing things , Uh-huh . like that , right , uh-huh , Yeah . because it attracts really a , a lot people 's interest . That 's one way , it 's really good public relations for small schools , Oh , yeah . I think so . Yeah . But , uh , another one of my projects this summer is , actually it 's part of my research assistantship , is , um , it 's helping a professor , uh , compile a bunch of translations of , of various poems for a book that he 's writing , and -- Oh . -- so I 'm learning the names , if not the actual contents , of a lot of different poems and a lot of French people . Now , translations , what do you mean , translations of , of , Um , well , where , where , for instance , um , a Baudelaire poem that was written , Yeah . in the French and then has been translated into English by , Uh-huh . various people . Oh , I see . And the translations are all so different from one another . All different . Uh-huh . Oh , that 's interesting . So it 's multiple translations of single works and , and that 's right now , right now pretty much what I 'm doing as far as , um , my work , is just kind of compiling , Gosh . all that for him . So , That 's great . It 's real interesting . Boy , you really lift me up to a different , I mean , here I , I 'm dealing with , uh , cleaning the stove and , You know , I 'm , There are days when I would be prefer , I wish I were dealing with Baudelaire . really doing that . That would be nice . I do n't know if I 've told you , but , um , this is not on the subject , 