She said , now , do you all want him to go to a , a state college or a private college ? And , and our answer was , that , you know , we will have enough money available for him to attend a state college . And if he wants to go to a private college , he can get a scholarship to attend , you know . And that was kind of our view on it . It just costs too much , you just ca n't do it , you know . So , I do n't know , it 's , it 's , I do n't , uh , it just amazing , it amazes me how much the , the costs are going to go up over the next ten or fifteen years . I just do n't know how anybody 's going to do it . And boy , it gets really scary when you start talking to them . Uh , I have a , an eleven year old daughter now who 's saying , gee , Dad , I want to be an allergist , Oh , goodness . and I said , that 's wonderful . I applaud that . Let , Yeah . me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that . Yeah . Exactly . And , Exactly . then her little brother 's only two years behind and he says , well , I do n't know , I think that I probably want to be a veterinarian . And I said , that 's great . Let me explain to you how you get scholarships , That 's right , to do that . That 's right . Well , you know , T I , you know , T I offers some good stuff and then I think there 's , I mean I think there 's some negatives , but there 's going to be some negatives anywhere , you know , no matter where you go . I have , you know , all , this is the first really large company I 've worked for . I 've always been involved in little small , you know , ind- , privately owned s- , owned firms and so I 've never had the , the big benefit package . So , I really do n't know how to compare it to other big companies , you know . It , when I came on it was great because I had never had anything even close to what , what they offered . So , I 've been real pleased . Well , that 's fantastic , Yeah . and on whole o- , I would say that they 're equal to , uh , most of our competitors . Think so ? Uh , I can see some , some potential changes that probably are , are , would not cost very much but might , uh , make things a little easier . Uh-huh . Such as offering a , a smorgasbord . Having a larger variety of benefits but , Yeah . but here 's the amount , that , that T I is going to pay for it , Yeah , and you can pick what you want and , yeah . now it 's up to you it 's menu selection , so , Right . to speak . That sounds really good . I read a thing , I do n't even remember if it was in the DALLASITE or the INSITE one , about uh , companies allowing you , and they said that T I was looking into it , to purchase extra vacation days . Which I thought sounded like a good idea . You know , if you 've been there , you know , under five years and you get two weeks of vacation but that 's really not enough and you want an extra week , then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying , okay , I 'm going to want an extra five days this year and they 'll take a set amount out of each paycheck , you know , and they 're deducting it all along , so you , you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time , you know , you 're really not being paid for them , the money is actually coming out of your own pocket , but it 's coming out a little bit at a time instead of all at once , you know . So , that is kind of an idea that , that a lot of people sounded like that they were really interested in and T I said that they were looking into something like that so , Well , I could certainly , personally stand seeing them go to a , a standardized compensatory time -- Uh-huh . -- for overtime . Uh-huh . And I do n't believe any of us would have to purchase any extra vacation days , Well , if they did , true . that . True . Uh , and , and I would certainly support something like four to one or five to one or , or , you know , maybe they want to get generous and make it three to one . Uh-huh . Uh , a- , as a repayment for , Yeah . every three to five days that I work overtime there , Yeah . they should give me one day . Yeah . 