Okay . Okay , now when you baby-sit , what age group children do you sit with ? Well , gosh all kinds , um , mostly between the ages of two and ten . Uh-huh . Um , last , like a few summers ago I kept two children every day for the entire summer and , I mean , they became like my children . I 'd think so . And , um , and they live in an apartment complex so we swam a lot and we played on the playground a lot and then we would go to a movie on Thursdays and , um , there was always an activity , you know , they had their favorite T V shows and things like that that we watched and then we took naps and , um , I do n't know it , it just seems like there was always something to do . Children are so full of energy . Uh-huh . And , oh , they were , they just , the- , they just keep you going . Now was this a one parent or two parent family ? Uh , one parent . One parent . Yeah . She 's just , How much time did she spend with them ? Not much at all . I mean , I would get there at eight o'clock in the morning , the children usually were n't awake by then . And she would get home at like five thirty in the afternoon . Uh-huh . And they would have dinner and then it was time for them to go to bed . Uh-huh . Um , now at this particular time the children were two and six . But then I also , I 've been baby-sitting this child , uh , for about eight years , he 's nine now and , um , you know , I 've watched him grow up and he 's like a little brother to me . Uh-huh . And it 's changed over the , over the years , um , we get along a lot better now that he 's older . Uh-huh . And , uh , we do different things now , we used to play ball a lot but now it 's , he likes to watch T V and he 's into wrestling . And , um , I kept him on Friday night , we went sh- , we went to go see a movie and , um , things like that but I feel like , I do n't know , when I have children I want to be able to spend a lot of time with them . Yeah , MUMBLEx you say your , you go to school ? Uh-huh , I go to L S U . And what are you studying ? Uh , communications . Well , sounds like you 're getting a lot of experience in communicating with children . Oh , yeah , 