and they 've added humus and stuff that , Uh-huh . breaks it down , and , and this , and this article said that they 've got a real problem that , um , you 've got toxins and , and , uh , bacteria in the manure that is , what it 's doing is it 's going through , uh , they do n't have a very deep , um , o- , you know , their water , Uh-huh . their natural water , uh , I forget what that 's called with , you know , it 's like a spring , spring water , Yeah . but it 's below the surface it 's not very far down , Uh-huh . and all this stuff is seeping through to the water , Oh . and they 're like , they 're afraid that , you know , within a certain amount of years , that it 's , their wa- , their water in that town will be totally polluted , It will . and they wo n't be able to have any drinking water because they will have , um , polluted , completely polluted , so that they 're , you know , there 's too many toxins and bacterial growth , Uh-huh , yeah , and the gr- , and I 'm like my God , you know , Right . just from that one , you know , just from them introducing dairy farms , Right . in that one county . Yeah , and the , the ground will filter some of it but not all of it . No , not when you figure , I did n't realize a cow , one cow produces that much manure and they were talking like , These are well fed . thousands of cows , you know , These are , they were talking thousands cows in one little tiny area . You , Good grief , these are well fed cows , uh , , Well , they are evidently . But , um , I mean , ev- , evidently a normal cow produces that much too , Uh-huh . but they 're just so spread out on ranches and stuff that it 's not , you know , a problem , Right . but when they get them in these tiny little areas , you know , and they 've got a real big problem , and they , they said that , that what they were doing was scraping it with bulldozers and stuff , and taking it to , Uh-huh . uh , these like ponds that they had to filter it with , but the ponds because they 've had so much rain in the past few years , they just , Yeah . overflow 