So , what do you think about it ? Well , I found it interesting that they started off with a problems of immigration in America and then went back and said , well , if there is a problem , Right . what should we do about it ? Yeah , I guess that 's so . Do you feel there 's a problem with immigration in America ? Um , uh , I think there 's some problems , but they 're not really big ones . I think that , um , in general the whole immigration policy is n't quite as open as it should be . That it 's really pretty hard for people from other countries to get in here even if they 're educated and will be a good asset to America . It 's often hard for them to get in and get on the track towards citizenship unless they marry a citizen or something like that . Okay . That 's interesting . I was , I was wondering what your response would be . I 'm a first generation American . Okay . So I 'm , Uh , where did you come from ? from immigrant parents . Okay . Or an immigrant mother anyway . Okay , so where did your parents come from ? Uh , Poland . Okay . And , And that was , you know , prior to World War Two . Uh-huh . But it 's interesting that , you know , with the topic I think I agree with you . Yeah . There needs to be more of an open policy . Uh-huh . And you know we have to remember the Chinese came here and were our labor , you know , for the railroad , Transatlantic Railroad and , Yep . our Irish came and , you know , built the towns and , Uh-huh . did labor . But what do you think , are you from Texas or , I 'm from Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania . Okay . Yeah . Well , that will be interesting . Right , and , uh , Because we have just , a lot of , had a Naturalization Act where the Mexicans that were residents in Texas , I 'm from Texas -- Uh-huh . -- and have become citizens now . Yeah . What do you think about that ? Um , I think that 's all right . I , um , at least on the surface it sounds like a good thing . Do you have an opinion about it ? Well , I agree with it wholeheartedly . Uh-huh . The only thing is I 've got to share with you , my background is from New Jersey . Uh-huh . So , when you were giving your answer I was thinking , is this a Texan I 'm talking to ? . No , okay . Because Texan philosophy is a little different . Right . Well , a lot of the experience that I have with this problem has to do with my brother-in-law who 's Chinese and immigrated from China . And , um , you know he , um , got a green card is , and is in good standing in America and China , but only because he was always MUMBLEx nice to the Chinese government , 