-- elect do . If they did something like that and started kids out real young and showed them , okay now you 're not going to get to vote but you 're -- Yes . -- going to have to do what that person says , they would understand probably by the time they were -- Right . -- in high school , they 'd be ready to vote . That 's right . And I think , you know , that 's an excellent idea . They would put them to realize that , that they 're going to have to do what someone else says even though they did n't vote for it . Yeah . And that maybe they need to think twice about voting . Now some -- Right . -- people object during primaries , having to declare a party , whether Republican or Democrat and -- Uh-huh . -- you do that in the primary . Uh , and I do n't know that , uh , a lot of people vote in primaries for that very reason . Uh , they can declare anything they want and they can actually rig it . If they really wanted to vote Republican , they could go in the primary and say they were voting Democrat and then stack the ballot for someone that perhaps the Republican could beat . But , uh , it 's , uh , it 's just a sad situation and , uh , I do think more needs to be done along that line to help to , uh , teach the people , uh , uh , everyone , uh , more about what is going on with voting and with nonvoting . Yeah . So that , uh , we can make , they 're making some more intelligent decisions . And it 's going to take these young -- I think that sounds great . -- you know , it 's going to take the , uh , a whole generation of my feeling , uh , before that 's going to be accomplished . Well , you know , they 'd have to start when they 're real young . That 's right . I mean , you know , it would have to be a child that is just coming into school . Because , well I 'll tell you another thing too now . Whenever , the first time I voted , I never voted in high school because there was never anyone that showed us how to use the -- Uh-huh . -- voting machines , now this sounds dumb , but I did not know how to use those voting machines and nobody ever showed us or anything so I did n't vote because anybody that went in there and they asked a question , all the other kids -- Yeah . -- laughed at them . They thought that was funny . Ah , she do n't even know how , wah , wah . Right . Uh-huh . So there was n't any way I was going to go in there and vote . And it took me , I mean it took such courage you would n't believe -- Sure . -- to go vote the first time because I was waiting for somebody to laugh at me because I -- Right . 