There 's no doubt about that . I , uh , I , I mean , I can relate to that because I 'm , I 'm going to college right now , and I feel like , I mean , I 'm taking this history class . And , I mean , it 's so boring , and I just hate it . And I think , why do they make us take this stuff ? I mean , what does this have to do with getting , you know , a computer science degree or whatever , you know ? What , what type of history class is it that you 're having to take ? Uh , American History . We have to take , um , like this is like early seventeen hundreds through , I do n't know , I think like mid eighteen hundreds . And then we have to take another one that 's mid eighteen hundreds on up , to basically present . Well , the early ones they could actually combine two , two , Yeah . levels of it , the one from seventeen hundred til say , the end of the Civil War . Combine that into one . And then from eighteen sixty-five to present , and make that your second step because , Yeah . That 's , well that 's , To a point , basically what they 're doing . to a point the bottom , you know , the early parts of it , you 're giving the foundations of the nation and , but even then they 're skimming over , they 're very , tri , almost trivial with it . Yeah , oh , yes . Definitely , I agree . Yeah , there 's , You know , I mean , if they really wanted to get to the meat of the matter , I mean , there 's , they make all these people out to be , oh , they were great men , and they 're the father of the country and all this . He had just as much dirt on him as anybody else . If not more . The man was not a saint . Yeah . That 's true , yeah . Any way , this , this , um , school system thing , I , I tell you , I saw something on the news , oh , I do n't know , maybe two weeks ago . And they were talking about , I do n't know where you 're from , but I 'm from the Dallas area . And they were talking about the Plano school system , that , they had one school that , uh , if the students did something wrong , I mean , whether it was behavioral or , uh , you know , they were n't learning properly or something . They took these students and put them basically in a closet . With no windows . They had , a , a table , or not a table , but a desk in this closet , and they had to sit in there by themselves . Well , parents were getting really angry about this , because they said , Why is my child being put in this closet . Well , how is that helping my child , you know . And , uh , the , the thing , you know , they said , Well , we 're giving them isolation time and this helps them to think . But a lot of kids , I mean , if a child has , uh , claustrophobia , I mean , that 's just going to terrify him , you know and , 