Seems like most of ours are occurring in late at night or , or , like I say , drug related . Uh , I guess the other thing was that are causing a lot of the crime now is the decrease in values . Seems like a , a lot of people do n't hold human life quite as high as perhaps they used to . Yeah . Uh , I , Well , that , and the , and the economy is so bad and , The economy is lousy . And so many people have been laid off and stuff . They 've done special stories on the news , local news here . Uh-huh . We had a lot of bank robberies and different , lot of break ins and stuff . I know , like a week or so ago , I live in a , in a town house , which is , you know , it 's a pretty nice neighborhood and this lady was going to work , she came home and everything in her house was total gone , light fixtures , everything . And nobody thought any different , they just thought she was moving . It was a moving man pulled right up to her house , broke in and stole everything she owned . Boy that really , that really takes someone who is bold to do that . Well , yeah , it 's , it 's , it 's pretty bad . Well , now , do you find that security is very good in , in a , in a town home ? Uh , I would say so for the majority in , in our , in my little section of the neighborhood because there is always somebody at home -- Uh-huh . -- and we all know one another and , and , on our one little section of the street we all know one another and know that we 're not moving and different things like that . Well , that , It 's , I , I 'm , I 'm probably the , one of the youngest people that live over here . I see . Most people are , are , retired or , or , or , you know , they 're , they 're in their forties or , or whatever . So and I 'm in my twenties , so I , I 'm , I 'm out more than they are , but -- Yeah . -- they 're at home at night , so I really do n't worry about anything . Well , I think you hit on one point there is you know each other . Yeah . I 'm , I 'm in a neighborhood where we try to keep up with everything . Uh , I am , oh , about three blocks off a major road and , uh , a couple of blocks off another road that kind of runs , I guess you would say the neighborhood road , it runs between the high school and the , the commercial districts and , uh , I 'm over the northeast part of Dallas . It 's a , in a nice neighborhood . The houses here , uh , before the recession were running two hundred thousand or so and , course , everything 's down ten to twenty percent now . Yeah , see , that 's the same thing here . But we have , uh , one , one thing that effects us is we have apartments that are probably about a half mile away and now the economy is bad , they have trouble keeping those full so they 've dropped the , uh , they 're not nearly as selective as they used to be . Yeah . And , course , that 's kind of like a cancer in an apartment complex . You start letting that happen and they go down and then before you know it you have drugs and a lot of other things so , uh , I 'm sure that aggravates it also . Yeah . 