I mean we , our high school up here is like a junior college in Florida -- Right . -- what we learned . Well , that was my experience going through junior high up there when I came down south for high school I was just repeating what I 'd already done . Yeah . Because we were so far advanced . And , uh , you know , I 'd been in a parochial school before junior high and , you know , even the public schools are behind the parochial schools . Yeah . So , you know , I , I like the concept they 've got now where they have more directed education , you know , you , you pick a career path or you get counseling earlier and then you , you learn the things that help you rather than spending four years learning the same things over and over . Like they have that down there that , Well , they talk about it and there are a few in some of the more , like in I live in a big Metroplex and some of the , the better parts of the Metroplex , the , the suburbs that are richer have those kind of target schools . But , uh , you know , Yeah , it 's like if , if your father owns a grocery store and you 're really interested in that , there 's no reason that you should take college prep courses when you can get some -- Right . -- general business courses in high school . Or if you 're going to go the science route you can go to a target school that specializes in science or art . You know , there 's no point in , you know , I 'm an engineering student and if I have to go take art classes , you know , I 'm not going to use them . And through high school I could have gone so much further if I 'd gone to a school that was directed . Yeah , that 's true . I was fortunate . I 'm a , I 'm a technician and we had a vocational , uh , electronics in our high school . Right , in high school . So when I went to my first year of tech school , I had a very easy time because our high school -- Right . -- had a , a good program . I think the schools today , you know , the public schools are just , they 're just overrun , you know , they do n't know what to do , there 's too many kids and not enough teachers and too many of the kids do n't care . Yeah , I find that -- And , -- that the , that in the , in the cities , it 's more like the kids go there so socialize -- Right . -- not really to learn and the parents send them there because they 're supposed to , and plus it gets them out of their hair . And I also find that , that you can send a kid to school , but if do n't work with them as a parent , I think you 're putting your child at a big disadvantage . Yeah , and , you know , there 's some kids that , you know , want to go learn , but most of them just want to go play . Yeah , well I could , I could see if a kid does n't have any encouragement if , t- , they 're , you know , come from a broken home and their parents are more concerned about trying to work and , or maybe they 're unemployed and they 're mad at the world , I can see where that would n't be very good for a , a kid , you know , he 's coming up , will you help me with my homework and they 're , no , get away from me , I 've had a terrible day . So , it 's got a lot to do with economics in the area that you come from . Yeah , that 's true . I 'm wondering with the boom down here . It 's , well , not at the moment , but a lot of the industry 's moving southward . Yeah , are they going to move to , uh -- So , -- Mexico ? Uh , I do n't know about that , but a lot of the industry up in , uh , you know , the northern states is moving south -- Uh-huh . -- and I 'm wondering if that 's going to have any effect , you know , on what you see now . We 're , we 're , we 're behind down here . On the , 