Yeah . I think , I just heard something the other day , it was like only , it was either sixty percent or forty percent , go to college . And then out of that percentage , only so many can get their degree . Uh-huh . So , I thought that was interesting . But , uh , you know , most people I knew have gone and got their degree . So , Oh , yeah . But there 's a lot of them out there that have n't . Yeah . Well , I ju- , you know , I , That 's , uh , was basic , in a , you know , middle , upper middle class area , and yeah , so I think , uh , that demographic area there , you know , a lot of them do go on . And they go to college , etcetera . Because you can get just as far as being a journeyman , carpenter or an electrician or plumber or anything else like that . Make as much money and if they enjoy it more , they 'll make a lo- , happier life for themselves . Yeah . Question . You threw that question on me about the deficit , put it on your shoe now . What would you do ? Well , as as far as the , you know , the deficit , that 's a whole nother , uh , my perception of the budget , you know , the government . And they have so much to spend and there 's not enough money to spread around . But the deficit basically is that the trade surplus between the other countries , and that we have more money or goo , you know , more money going out and too many goods coming into this country , you know . And , uh , you know , part of that problem , I think , is still , you know , uh , like Japan still does not let us compete fairly in their country . And , and obviously the , the demand for their goods is quite high here , so they can get their goods in here . And , uh , you know , to start even that out we need to continue to , you know , at least threaten that , you know , we 're going to give them higher tariffs , etcetera to raise their prices to , you know , ours . But , uh , it 's just that , uh , they 're , eh , I think you 're , you 're going to find that just because the United States , you know , there is such a demand here , the market , you know . And , uh , uh , the mone- , you know , money being spent and the goods flow in and we do n't sell , you know , we do n't , uh , sell products abroad as much as we bring in . So , 