we have a computer , here at the house , Uh-huh . and I made a Lotus spreadsheet and went through the year using all of our , our checkbook to figure out what we spent each time and whether we were over or under for each month and then basically since then what I 've done is , is keep track of it through the checkbook so that based on whatever we 've got coming in , the check coming in , then how much I 'm spending each half of the month and then trying to also spe- , because our house payment is once a month , that 's our , our biggest , uh , expense so I take half of that amount out of my checkbook each , with each paycheck , Uh-huh . even thought it 's really still there , Uh-huh . so that I can keep , uh , uh , good balance , A running total . a running total , yeah through the month , Yeah . What do you all do ? Uh , we 've , we 've , uh , taken how much we have , you know , write down how much we have coming in each month and then , uh , we 've , at the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend . We sat dow- , made up different accounts like , you know , we 've set a budget for each , you know , household expenses , or food , and clothing and entertainment and then our , our own fun money and just stuff like that and then we write down each , each time we spend something , we write down in a book and at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we , you know we , we try to stay within a certain budget , so . Is it , is it hard to keep track of it or does it work out pretty well ? Um , it takes some , it takes some dedication to do it , but it , it works out real well , so . And , and you 're staying within your budget and keep , Uh-huh . everything is working pretty good . Yeah , yeah , I stay wi- , I have to stay within it , so I , you know , and then we have that , you know , if you ca n't stay , if something comes up and you ca n't stay within it then we have , uh , you know , a budget for , you know , like we call our slush fund or something and some- , an unexpected comes up , then you 're not , you know , you do n't feel it so strapped . You do n't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and do that . Right , yeah , because we do n't , you know , we do n't charge anything that we ca n't pay off by the end of the month . That 's a good choice , we 've been trying , we 're trying to , uh , do that this year . We 've budgeted the money that we used to spend , we were spending on a CODA account with T I and then money we were also buying stock with for that year , we 've taken that this year , You 've got paper under your table . and said we 're going to pay off all of our credit cards and , uh , Uh-huh . we have , uh , another loan with the bank , Uh-huh . and so we hope by the end of this year , To be out of that . that by doing that we 'll be free , Free . and clear . Yeah , the only thing we have , it to pay off is our , is a automobile loan and our house payment , 