That 's nice when , uh , I , my , I have three grandchildren , another one coming in September , and I , it would , if they were where I could not get my hands on them , I am afraid I would probably go crazy . Uh-huh . You know , I , I like that , Are they all nearby ? but if , it you do not have to put them in child care , that 's , that 's an ideal situation for you , is to stay with them as , or you can set up your work program and your husband 's so that one of you is there all the time . Yeah . That 's , that 's wonderful for the child . But , Well , if I work part time that might be doable . Right . And you need to look at , when you , if you do decide to go with child care , you really need to , to look at what your options are and , and look at the , what they offer , drop in at times that are unexpected . Yeah , well , The , right now the situation is so tight at many places , Uh . that it 's even hard to have a choice . Uh . Incredible , but you know , since this is , people before they get pregnant are finding child care for the kids . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , you know , I just find that incredible . And my sister-in-law is going to have a baby very , very soon and she is intending to stay home with the baby . Oh . And , you know , maybe do some free lance type work at home . And so , if I go back to work on a part time basis , I am hoping I can leave my daughter with her . Oh , that would be wonderful . Because , her daughter again will be a couple of months , my daughter will be about six months older than hers . And , Uh-huh , uh-huh . it will be a little rough when she is a very , very little infant , Uh-huh , uh-huh . but like when she is a month or so , my sister-in-law has had lots and lots of experience dealing with baby-sitting for large families . Oh . And so , uh , she might be able to do it a couple of hours a day and we cou , might even be able to do it on a trade off basis . That I watch , Right . their baby when they want to go out to dinner or to movies or whatever , Right . or if she wants an afternoon off . Right . Even if she wants an afternoon just to work . Uh-huh , uh-huh . 