-- then , -- nincompoop on trial , you 'd , you 'd have to have -- You want -- -- nincompoops to , uh , -- you want a nincompoop jury because they 'll sympathize with you a bit -- Um . -- as well as hopefully being honest people and do their best to comply with the facts as they were presented to them . So , that 's why the defense is there picking through them , whereas at the same time , the , uh , the prosecutor sitting there picking through them because he wants somebody who will give him , uh , a guilty verdict if the facts warrant . Uh-huh . So , uh , I think the jury selection process is pretty neat , but I do n't think that the jury ought to be the ones picking the punishment -- Um . -- afterwards . I think that should be left up to people who have some knowledge in the subject and more knowledge than a jury would have . M- , you 're talking about , the person 's already been found guilty , right -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- and many times I 've seen on trials they have on T V , the jury will make a recommendation as to leniency or as to the death penalty or whatever , but I think that it should be up to the judge and the , uh , lawyers to make the decision as to what the actual penalty will be . Um . Maybe just the judge because they 're the people who know what the system is -- Uh-huh . -- and what it 's all about -- Uh-huh . -- and believe in the system . Uh-huh . Uh , and I think that would provide a more fair sentencing procedure . Well , I suppose you may be right on that . As opposed to an emotional sentencing procedure . Matter of fact , I 've heard that , Also , may be a more consistent sentencing procedure . I 've heard that some of the information , uh , is prevented from reaching the jury , like , uh , mitigating circumstances or , or preceding , uh , criminal record or things of this nature that , Well , preceding criminal record , according to the judicial process has nothing to do with the current crime . But when it comes to , uh , sentencing for punishment , of course , if the person 's never done anything bad before , according to the judicial system , then they 're going to lean towards a slightly more lenient side , and the jury 's supposed to be notified of criminal records when it comes to sentencing by jury . Oh , is it ? Oh , I did n't realize that . Okay . At least in California , they 're supposed to be . Not during the trial , during the trial as to whether they 're guilty or not has nothing to do with their background . Right . But when it comes to what kind of sentence you 're going to lay down , I think that , uh , that they should . Uh-huh . 