Okay , um , well , the first thing , uh , what do you think you would offer as far as , uh , information about selecting a school ? Well , first I think they 've got to have a pretty good idea of what they want to , what they want to do . Uh-huh . Uh , once they have that , then they can start looking in all the various publications that give out all the information about schools and write to the schools themselves , and start finding out about the different requirements for the programs and what kind of , uh , of job assistance and all that other kind of stuff they offer . Yeah , uh , do you , do you feel that the first two years that the , um , depending upon the field , I know there are some fields which a person should go to the school , that school , all four years , but I know there are some fields where it 's really not necessary . Yeah , a lot fields are , most of your liberal arts degrees and stuff are n't really concerned with your first two years anyway . It 's , it 's your core education , your general requi- , general education requirements . Uh-huh . Um , if , you know , if they want to get a liberal arts degree , I do n't , I do n't know what advice I 'd give them . Go to the school you 'd like to go to . Yeah . That 's what I did . Yeah . I did n't care about the program or anything else . I went where I wanted to go . Yeah . What was your degree in ? Uh , political science . Political science , oh , okay . Well , I kn , I know , I 'm going to school right now , and , uh , I have a friend , Where are you at ? Uh , U T D . University of Texas , Dallas . Well , yeah , I guess , everybody 's in Dallas that I talk to . I 'm in , I know . North Carolina . That 's where Texas Instruments is . Yeah , right . Um , something that I , I think that I 've noticed that I , I have a friend , I think if you 're going into like , uh , law or medicine , a very particular , very specific field , even , even engineering , you can get , you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public , um , institution . 