That 's when it really gets bad . Or something you have n't paid in sixty days or ninety days , you know . And things like that . I think that Discover Card has a good idea with , you know , giving you a little cash back incentive for each amount you , you purchase . As long as you do n't go crazy trying to get cash back . Uh-huh . And since they do n't have the yearly fee . Do they charge a lot of interest on that card ? I do n't know . I do n't , I 've never , I have n't gotten one . Uh-huh . Just because it 's , uh , uh , I felt like with Visa and Mastercard and American Express you did n't need another one . Uh-huh . I would think it would n't be , you know , much more than the eighteen or nineteen percent everyone else charges . Yeah . So that , that would n't be too bad . Well , always watch out for s- , anybody who bills you out of Atlanta , Georgia . Or there 's a couple of other places that are able to charge us like twenty-one and twenty-two percent interest . I know , I had a charge with , uh , Spiegel , and I had n't read the , uh , terms of the credit agreement really . Yeah . And , uh , when I did , I , you know , I realized that , that it just looked , seemed like I was never paying the balance off , you know . And I looked at the credit card agreement one day , and it was like twenty-three percent interest . Holy cow ! And that 's the one bill that I hurry up , hurried and paid up . Definitely . And , That 's awful . and I 've always watched it since then . You really have to watch those interest rates . I mean , I mean there 's no point in giving them any more money than we have to . That 's true . So , So anyway , they ca n't bill you any higher than eighteen percent , I think , in , in Texas . But -- Oh , that 's great . -- there , there are a couple of states that can . And one to watch out for is anybody that bills you out of Atlanta , Atlanta , Georgia . I 'll try to remember that one . Well , Well , let 's see . I was trying to think if there was anything else . Uh , the , I guess the worst problem I ever had with , with a credit card though was , um , I got a , an item on my bill that I had never purchased . Uh-huh . I had ordered a sofa and had filled out the paperwork , but they were n't supposed to process it until they delivered it . Uh-huh . And I changed my mind , Uh-huh . but then they went ahead and charged it on my account . Oh . And it took me about eighteen months to get that , all of that mess off of my account . Wow ! So that 's , that 's probably the worst thing I 've ever had happen with a credit card . I wonder if they ... 