Uh-huh . And so I can see from the company 's standpoint that there , uh , whenever you are an employee of the company , you are using its assets , and , uh , b- , you are also under their liability , under the Workmen 's Comp . Uh-huh . Uh , on my job we had a lot of Workmen 's Comp cases Where do you work ? Oh . And , uh , it 's also a retreading plant , and that 's where most of our , uh , injuries occur . Uh-huh . And what we do is we 'll have a drug test if an , if a , a break or a man , uh , has an accident . Then he 's automatically , uh , given a drug test . Right . Do they do it , like , you know , within hours of the accident , or is it ? Yes , when he goes to the doctor the first time . Yeah . And so , that kind of , uh , I do n't know if it 's been a deterrent or not , because we have , uh , just started using it -- Uh-huh . -- oh , for the past year or so . Yeah . Now we 've let some people go , uh , that wa , we , was found that drugs were used in their system . Now , I do n't know how T E C would handle it . They have n't pursued it , you know . Uh-huh . Uh , if there 's some , uh , problem I know , there was one guy that we tested for preemployment for drugs who absolutely swore up and down that it showed that he was using amphetamines , and he went to a , a separate drug -- Yeah . -- testing firm , and they showed it negative . Huh . So I think the tests themselves are not really that -- Yeah . -- cut and dried , you know . Yeah , I think that 's probably true , too . That 's , that 's , that 's sort of scary . Uh-huh , really . And then I also had a friend who was just around some people that were smoking cocaine . Yeah . And he tested positive on cocaine . Now then you always wonder , well is he just saying that . Yeah , yeah , really , really . Yeah . Yeah , that 's , that 's a bad situation . I think that probably , I think most companies now , as far as entry , Uh-huh . you know , exams require that . Yeah . I think they should . Uh-huh . I 'm a T I employee and -- Uh-huh . -- and , and , uh , I 'm , I 'm really gung ho for it . In fact I , you know , some of the places now , um , like I B M do n't allow them smoking , you know -- Uh-huh . -- in , in the plant . Right . We , we have designated smoking areas . Yeah . But , um , I work in sort of a building that 's , that 's not really , well it 's on the campus of the T I facility , but it 's a little bit , you know , separated . We lease the building . And it 's , it 's a factory environment . Uh-huh . And , uh , they , they have designated smoking , but it 's just wide open , it 's not ventilated properly -- Yeah . -- and I think that 's bad . But as far as the drugs , you know , being in the factory kind of environment that way -- Uh-huh , 