But that 's , uh , the- , they 're , so close , I , I do n't consider Mexican people in the same category with , uh , Yeah . especially like , uh , people who come from cultures that do n't have the same , uh , kind of moral upbringing that we have . Uh-huh . Like you take Asian countries , or , uh , the Eastern countries where women are like in the foreground , Uh-huh . uh , in the background and the men are in the foreground , and it 's like , you know , Uh-huh . um , they live back in whe , where we came from two hundred years ago . Uh-huh . You know , whe- , we 've advanced beyond that , and I think that their , uh , mentality as far as the way they treat them and that kind of thing , you know what I mean . Uh-huh . It was amazing I went to the Far East , uh , back in October to do some training for T I and I , Uh-huh . uh , some of those countries were so safe , it was unreal . Singapore is very , supposed to be very safe and , in fact , Tokyo , and I thought Tokyo would be dangerous being such a huge large city with so many people , Yeah . but they , at , at the T I there , I said is there any area I should avoid . And the guy said let me ask another girl here and he turned and asked this girl , and said , can you think of any place where Dana should n't go by herself , or anything . And she , she thought for a few minutes and she said , no . And he said is there any place you would n't go by yourself . She said , no . And they said , Wow . it is so safe there that you can leave your purse on the subway and somebody will turn it in and , and nothing will be missing . They said they can just about guarantee that there , that , that would happen if you did that . I thought , boy , in America , Wow . if you left a purse on a subway , you would never see it again . You better believe it , if , you would n't even have to leave it , I mean , Yeah , that 's true , it would get snatched right off your arm . that 's true . But I was thinking boy , in Dallas , if somebody asked me if there were places you would n't go by yourself at night , I 'd have to set them down for about five or ten minutes to list all the places out . Oh sure . I mean , I could n't believe that she could n't think of any place . They said , the , apparently the crime , is , just , uh , That 's amazing , well , wh , what 's the difference there , do you know ? I 'm not sure what it is there . Now , I know what it is in Singapore , is they have the death penalty and they really enforce it , Oh , I , I believe in the death penalty , I really do . like for drugs , for drugs they , they enforce the death penalty for that . Uh , they 're just , very , very tough , and I guess maybe that 's the way Tokyo is too , or Japan is too . They 're just very tough on criminals . Yeah , yeah , I think that we 're too easy . Uh-huh . Uh , and we take the , the , uh , civil liberties , uh , stuff too far . Uh-huh . You know like people that are in prison , I mean we did n't put them there . They put themselves in that situation . Uh-huh , oh yeah . And as far as like them , uh , entertaining the rights that they should have . 