Well , they 've entered the work force more , uh , you know , since World War Two is when they started . You bet . And , uh , I think that that is , you know , very significant that the percentage of the work force today consists of such a high percent of women . You bet . You know , where I 've noticed it more , I think , is , I 'm a traveling salesperson and I have traveled most of my life and I know just especially in the last , oh , ten years and really since , in the last half of dozen years I see more and more women traveling . Right . You know , as far as boarding planes and driving cars and calling on customers . I sell sporting goods and even in our industry , uh , there was virtually , really and truly no women as far as selling the type of things I sell and even in the last five or six years , boy we see more and more women being involved and , you know , it 's a , it 's a credit to them as far as how they 're doing things . Yeah , the , you see more of that , you see more of them , uh , leaving their children in the care of their husbands while they do travel , too . You bet . You know , I , I go to a , I have a club that I belong to on Tuesday that , you know , one of the girls travels quite extensively and she says , well , my children have two parents . You know , why not . You bet . That 's sort of neat . So that , that 's a , I think that 's a change and I think that 's a change you 're going to be seeing more of in the , in the future , people having that kind of attitude that the father 's going to take more active role in child rearing . Sure . I think , uh , it 's the age old thing , every once in a while you read in the newspaper or you 'll see it on T V or something where the discussion comes out that , you know , women are paid less than men and they 're , and they 're doing the same , uh , or carrying the same job responsibility -- Right . -- and , you know , I , that 's a very true statement and it should n't , uh , it should n't be that way . No . You know . That , that I think should change , will change in the near future also . I think so , hope so , a- , It 's been changing , it 's been evolving , but there 's still a , an , an inequality in the -- Absolutely . -- work forces or jobs . It 's , you know , You know , I 've , And you hear some people say , you know , well , he 's a man , he , he , he needs that salary . Right . Yeah , they forget . Also , I think , uh , a good argument for that is in the area of politics , you know , if a , a woman Congressman I 'm sure makes as much as a man Congressman as , and the same as a senator or whatever . Right . So , they certainly , uh , they certainly deserve it all the way . But , I guess just the most significant thing changed for me , again , as I mentioned , was just in traveling , you see , uh , more and more ladies of all ages with briefcases and , uh , and in their business suits and -- And going , yeah . -- and going . Uh-huh . And I expect you 're right in regards to having two parents now . That 's a good , a good statement . And I think if , 