And so they figure why go out and vote , you know . They 're going to do what they want to do . They 're corrupt anyway . And -- Well , -- I think one of the good ways of solving that is to like , everybody likes to come to a party so have a voting party and , uh , you know , like in communities and have the issues there and then everybody go vote together and then maybe come back over and have brunch or something . I mean that 's the only , thing that I can figure out because I 've heard so many people say well I 'm not going on voting on that one , you know , I , I 'm going to go fishing today . Or it wo n't make any difference if , if I do n't vote and I think it does . We vote every time . Well , it , uh , there 's no question it does make a difference . Uh , so far , as having a party and then all voting , uh , when you have different precincts , MUMBLEx you would have to have a party in every precinct . Right . Because people have to vote in different areas and , uh , not everyone votes at the same place . Uh , I , personally , think that we need to do more along the education lines in the schools and the children from the little ones on up , with the idea of the , the value of voting and the purpose of voting and that one vote does make a difference . But , Right . And ma- , maybe let them have some mock , I mean -- Absolutely . -- uh , you know elections and stuff -- Absolutely . -- and vote for different people in their classes and start really young . That 's a real good idea . And , and they are are doing that in a number of schools . However , probably not enough of them , uh , country wide . But it 's going to take at least a whole generation of people , uh , to get across the idea of voting . Uh , just like it 's taking a whole generation of people to finally , uh , realize the harmfulness of drugs and -- Right . -- uh , hopefully to , uh , now with the many programs throughout the country on , how to resist taking drugs . How to say no to it and what have you . That , uh , perhaps we 'll finally get the youth weaned off of it . 