Well , you learn a lot of , um , skills too , and I think you 're more receptive when you 're younger than when you 're older , to learn new skills , That 's true . and I think they really it really pen , penetrates in your memory , you know , what to do , because you really have a great interest in it . Uh-huh . Because it 's something you were n't forced to do , Right . so you have kind of a relaxed mode of learning . Yeah . And you 're more receptive . Well , that 's good . Well , we , um , let 's see , the only other place I 've ever vacationed , we 'd , you know , go on camping trips up to Texoma and things like that . Uh-huh . And then I went to England -- Oh , that 's exciting . -- a few years ago . I was a , Uh-huh . student there and spent , um , a semester studying abroad in London . Uh-huh . And that was a great time , because it 's so , that 's such a neat place and it 's , there 's not a language barrier so you do n't , I mean , there there 's a little bit , because there 's some of those English words that you just do n't exactly know what they mean , and a lot of people have trouble wrestling with their accents , but it 's , it was really fun . I , I , I really enjoyed that . I 'm probably going back there to work , Uh-huh . for a year . Well , I had a friend that , uh , visited England not , well , I think it 's been probably two years now , but that 's her next goal , and she can do it , is go back to England , because she really has a great desire to do that , because the love that she , um , has for it now after visiting it . It , it 's really nice . I would , I would spend all my time in London , Uh-huh . or most of my time , and that 's it was really different being in a big city , because I do n't get much into urban , you know , really urban areas a lot -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- and it was , it 's really , it 's sort of a weird little anonymous feeling where no one knows who you are and you can spend a whole day without talking to anyone , which I thought I would just hate , but it ended up being kind of nice because you 're not accountable to anyone . Uh-huh , uh-huh . You could just kind of , Do your own thing . kind of walk around and observe , Yeah . I did a lot of just going out by myself and riding on the subway and watching people . Uh-huh . And I had a great time doing that . It was really interesting . That 's wonderful . There 's a lot out there to see , Yeah , I know , I 'll say . I keep wanting to get up to , I have n't , I have n't been anywhere else outside the United States . I have n't been to Mexico or Canada or , Well , I lived across the street almost from Canada . Oh . So that was , that , that 's a nice place . Canada is very nice . Yeah , that would be nice . I had a friend from there . Uh-huh . Then I , I 'd love to go somewhere in Asia , but I 'd have to have a tour guide with me to -- Oh , yes , absolutely . -- help with all the language and all that . Sure , somebody that knows their way around . So , yeah , that 's why , that 's why England was nice . Even , we traveled in Europe for about a week , and that was even nice because there was n't , uh , the , most the places we went , we went to Germany and Switzerland and , Well , you 've been quite a few places there . Yeah , we have . We MUMBLEx . 