How about you ? Well , I have , uh , a nine year old and a six year old and neither one of them has ever been in -- Uh-huh . -- in , uh , day care for the reason of , of me working -- Uh-huh . -- but , uh , they both went through preschool . Yeah . And , uh , we 've just been real lucky -- Uh-huh . -- I think , anyway . To not , It 's not hard to find anything that 's part-time . So many of the churches have really strong -- Right , like half day programs . Uh-huh . -- preschool and children 's day out -- Uh-huh . -- but , it was a nightmare back when Cheryl was little and this is one of the few churches that did it . There were a couple downtown Dallas but they were so , seemed , cold and impersonal , I just could n't hack it . Uh-huh . And what I liked about Preston Hollow is that the people that were there when Cheryl was two , which was fifteen years ago , many of them are still there today . So there -- Oh . -- was real continuity . She went back as a teenager and these people that had changed her diapers when she was three were still there . Oh , my gosh . So , it , it was really neat . But it was because they had a director that had always done it as a labor of love and -- Uh-huh . -- she just kept good people and -- Oh my goodness . -- real cheerful place , lots of arts and crafts , and I 'm really glad my kids had it because Plano schools do so little of that . Right . Right . Yeah . That if they had n't had it before they hit first grade they were never going to have any art or music or any of the interpretive stuff . Uh-huh . Yeah , that is , uh , a big drawback I think in that , in the , uh , public schools out here . Uh-huh . You know , to , you 're lucky to have an art teacher and if you do you get them once a week or something , you know . Or pay for it after school . Our Emily 's in the third grade over at Huffman and they started a pilot program where we can pay private tuition so that they can take French and music and art and -- Oh is that right ? I had no idea . -- you know , I willingly did it 