Uh-huh . -- that , at least what I used to observe in student teaching , was that some college kid who might not be all that bright to begin with , was thrown into a class room with a teacher who was harried and overworked and , uh , had too many kids to handle and too many things to do and too many interruptions -- Right . -- to pay much attention to the student teacher . And then the student teacher did n't stay but about six weeks . Uh-huh . So there really was no time to try , much of anything and get significant feedback that would help the , the student teacher improve very much . Sure . Sure . There are lots of things that could be done in that line , including things like video taping . Because it would n't be hard with all the electronic equipment that 's around these days to video tape , uh , either a master teacher teaching a class so that then , students could watch that and , uh , criticize the methods used and , and analyze it . Figure out what worked and what did n't work . Uh-huh . And then also to video tape the student teachers so they could correct their own performance . Sure . Sure . That 's good as a , a , a teaching aid . But more you see these commercials that have Jimmy walking into class late and it happens that the teacher is an instructor who is in New York while Jimmy 's in Rome . Huh . And , you know , the whole electronic classroom idea . I do n't know if I I 'm in favor -- I do n't think that 's going to work . -- yeah , in favor of , yeah , I think , especially in the younger years you need to have more of the , the person contact rather than just the fact that your machine being fed information to , to learn how to learn . Yeah . Well , another thing I think would be helpful would be to have some sort of , of say a national curriculum . Because one of the problems with getting good textbooks is that we have such a fragmented system for , uh , curriculums that the textbook makers produce a textbook that will sell in Texas and California . And then everybody else is stuck with that , regardless of what they want to teach . Huh . Is that -- Because it ... -- because that 's where the two biggest markets are or ? Well , that 's the two states that adopt on a state wide basis . I see . Uh , and so it , uh , I used to work for a textbook publisher and it was absolutely clear that if you could get your book adopted by Texas , then you had a built-in market because there were only about three or four textbooks in each subject and all you had to do is just get your share of those adopted -- Uh-huh . -- in the individual school districts . Huh . And , you know , a third of the Texas market with its millions of kids is a heck of a lot of textbooks . Sure . Sure . And then the states that either do n't adopt on a state wide basis or do n't have as many kids , just have to follow along and take what Texas gets . Right . MUMBLEx California is the biggest for elementary schools but Texas , uh , adopts state wide all the way through the twelfth grade . I see . Well , definitely is a national problem if , that they need to address . Yep . Sure is . Definitely is . And I hope maybe we 're going to get somewhere with a little more attention being paid to it with , uh , Reagan 's , uh , new education secretary and , uh , you know , trying to do some , uh , trying to produce some new programs anyway . Right , 