so you do n't have to mess with spices and stuff . Right . And , then , um , let 's see , and then , and you heat up refried beans , and you cut up tomatoes and lettuce and grated cheese , and what you do to make it , you take the shell and you spread the beans on first , then you put the meat , then you put the grated cheese , and then you put , um , let 's see , what 's next , then , and I , I usually put the cut up tomatoes next -- Right . -- and then the , um , lettuce , and you can put , uh , like guacamole and Katy , I 'm on the phone . Well , get a towel or go change . I 'm on the phone . Um , oh a little sour cream is good -- Right . -- and , and chopped olives , Right . Do you like to make your own guacamole ? Uh , yeah . Yeah , we , we do n't make it very often , I guess , but , uh , No , I do n't very often . Usually when we get avocados my kids just like to eat them plain -- Oh do they ? -- so . Yeah . Gosh , I just cut slices off and . Gosh , I like an avocado sandwich , too . Oh , that 's good , that 's good , or it 's always good on top of something in the sandwich . Yeah , yeah . Oh , well , we made , I made guacamole that I would take to a pool party across the street the other day , and , and everyone there said they never made guacamole salad . . What you want . wh , where do they get it ? . Well , I do n't know , I guess they do n't have it at home , I ca n't imagine it would stay fresh long enough to , I guess they just buy it at a restaurant when they eat it at a restaurant maybe . They must , they just said they never had it at home . So I , I was concerned that , I thought , oh , taking this , you know , taking this as a dip , I thought , gosh , you know , sometimes when we have it at home it , it turns dark on the top -- Yeah . -- so quickly , so I just , It helps if you , I helps if you leave the pit in it . Oh , does that help ? Yeah , if you leave the pit in the bowl with the thing , especially while you 're waiting before you serve it . Okay , 