it 's really , really nice . Um , I like it better than almost anything I 've ever done . Just the sky is so amazing . You know , you really can probably count thousands of stars , Uh-huh . and , uh , it 's , it 's just kind of nice . I like the , uh , I think the desert has a rare kind of beauty which , uh , a lot of people do n't realize , you know , they hear desert and they think of scorpions and snakes and sand and being real dry , and lack of water , course it , it has all of those qualities but it also has a certain quality of beauty that you just do n't find anyway else except in a desert . Uh-huh . So , it 's pretty nice . The , uh , the movie , THE DOORS , has so- , some nice desert scenes , those guys all go camping out in the desert . Yeah . Of course , they drag a lot of drugs with them but , um , the , uh , the shots are , are pretty nice and it 's sort of like that , I mean , it 's just almost surreal , in some places . Huh . It 's very pleasant . Are the temperatures real extreme there or the , the , They can be , yeah . I mean , you got to , you sort of have to choose your season carefully and know what 's going to happen . Uh-huh . I 've been camping in Death Valley , one does n't go in July . Yeah , true . But it 's beautiful in February . Yeah . I mean , it 's just beautiful . The days , get up into the high eighties , uh , maybe the nineties but it 's , it 's quite bearable and then the nights are reasonably warm , you know , sixties or seventies . It 's just great . It 's really very nice . Yeah , we 've talked about planning a trip up through , um , I have a sister-in-law that lives in New Mexico , up through New Mexico and into Colorado and the Grand Canyon area . I do n't know , do n't know when I 'm going to get a chance to do that but , Yeah . Well , that would be , that would be pretty nice . I 've been , I have been camping on the south rim the Grand Canyon . That 's okay . A lot of people like to go down and camp down inside , I was just too lazy that trip to do all that walking , Uh-huh . especially with my gear . I 'll bet . That one , one thing you said about the stars is really true it 's , when you 're close to a big city like Dallas , the , the lights kind of wash , Oh , yeah . wash off the star so it 's nice to , to get away . It 's just amazing , Yeah , it , how , how much you miss . Yeah , it , yeah , it really is . I mean , I do n't think I ever see the Little Dipper , you hear people talk about the Little Dipper . Huh . Uh-huh . But I do n't think I ever see it except when I go get out of the city and go camping in the desert or in , in the mountains . Otherwise it 's just too faint . Well , I guess we 've talked as much as we need to on the subject . Yeah , I think we fulfilled our obligation . Well , thanks for calling , nice talking to you . Yeah , it was good talking to you Robert . Okay , bye-bye . Bye-bye . 