Right . And , uh , yeah everybody , everybody was pretty much , you know , let 's burn him . Uh-huh . And that 's , you know , that 's the way they wanted to do it . And he was surprised because he thought there was going to be a problem because he , uh , you know some people on the case were , were a little hesitant on convicting him on some of the charges but I mean when it all came down , they just , within an hour decided the man 's fate . Yeah , well , you know , you just have to decide , you know , wha , yo- , well there 's really two separate decisions there I guess , one is , did it really happen the way the , the prosecutor said it happened , you know , is this man really guilty , and you have to decide that , but then you have to decide , you know , as a member of society what do I want to do with this guy who did this thing . Yeah . And that w- , I , I 've never been on a jury , I 've never had that experience , I 'm not sure I 'd look forward to making that kind of decision about a man 's life . Yeah , yeah , well , it , it , it went pretty , pretty quick from what he said . Uh-huh . But I mean there 's , there 's , there 's a lot of other crimes out there , I mean besides murder , I think , uh , now if you 're dealing drugs now , Uh-huh . caught more than twice or something , uh , Yeah . it , there 's , uh , a death penalty associated with it . Well the thing I 'd be most likely to attach the death penalty to is the violence . I mean , ye- , I can handle people , people selling drugs , you know , it 's , it 's wrong , but it , it 's not worth somebody getting executed for . But we hear so much about the violence and how it 's not safe to walk the streets because somebody , you know , these random drive by shootings and that sort of thing . Uh-huh . And the people I 'd most likely want to sentence to death are the people that just show a really low regard for human life . That , you know , you , never know when they 're going to turn or hurt the next person because it does n't really matter to them whether someone else gets hurt or not . Yeah , yeah , I agree . And so I go , le- , 