Well , th- , the question was talking about the juries and , uh , one of the things I thought about was a lot of the drunk cases that they were having , that , especially for repeat offenders that , uh , maybe there should be stiffer penalties for those people who come back again and again . Uh , so that , uh , a judge , I think , would be the most appropriate person to , uh , to be able to sentence somebody since they do it over and over again every day . Right . I , I kind of agree with that , because I think in some cases , uh , the jury may not even have , the information about other crimes the person has committed . Right . Uh , I , I think that in some cases that 's considered to prejudice the current case -- Right . -- so a judge , you 're right , should have the whole dossier of the criminal -- Uh-huh . -- there and if they 're judged guilty would probably be in a better pri- , position to give an appropriate , uh , sentencing . Yeah . See I agree with you . Uh , one thing I heard was this , where they have , instead of going to the regular court , they have a , a mock court . I mean , it 's supposed to be all legal and everything . Uh , you go and you present your case , the other side presents their case and you 're done with it . It 's almost like the NIGHT COURT we see on T V . Uh-huh . Uh , and , uh , but it 's not that we have , uh , such , it did n't backlog or all of the , uh , the cases that are , uh , all ready pending . Uh , so I , that was one thing I thought about that would be really neat if we could do it that way . In other words , not , not , there would be some types of crimes for which you 're not guaranteed a jury trial ? Yes . Now , I , I , I do n't , th- , there 's a point on which we do n't agree . Uh-huh . I would tend , myself , to say that we should continue to guarantee a jury trial for criminal cases anytime a , anytime a , one of the parties wants one . Uh-huh . And I , usually it is the defendant , I guess , that wants to have the jury hear the case . Sure . So I 'm not out for streamlining things to the point where we , uh , take that , you know , that would require a change in the Bill of Rights , I believe and so , and , and I was n't , I did n't mean that . Oh , oh , okay . I , I did n't mean that , no . Because , I mean , gee whiz , if I was , uh , uh , did n't have that right , you know , not to have a jury that , oh yes , I would feel , uh , you 're right , that my civil rights had been violated . But I meant for some , when both parties agreed that yes , we 're going to have a judge here . We 're not going to have a jury , you know , let 's get it over with . Sort of like car accidents , you know , Right . Well I think that 's all ready possible . Yeah . 