Yeah . The ones that are good with babies tend not to be good with toddlers . Huh-uh . Huh-uh . I think it takes a , I do n't know , I think your patient level must , needs to increase as the child gets older . I think that might be part of the problem with some people . You know , taking care of a baby , I know , is not an easy thing , but when you have them in , their , their little feet are moving and you have to chase them down constantly . I 'm sure that 's a whole new ball game . Oh , yeah . Yeah , I have a nine year old that I would trade happily for a baby MUMBLEx . Oh , really . Well , you sound like you 're pretty well passed the worst of it as far as worrying about , since they 're both in school , you do n't have to worry about a full-time person to take care of them . Oh , you do n't know what happens after they get in school . That 's something altogether different , uh . Oh , yes . Now we have , uh , one takes piano lessons , Huh-uh . somewhere on one afternoon and the other one , of course ca n't do the same thing . Oh , of course not . It has to be somewhere else and no it 's not adequate to sit and wait . You ca n't do that . No . No . No . No . That just , that will not do . That 's out of the question , I 'm sure . Of course . But , we are helping , you know . Right . Right . We are being cooperative , what 's wrong with you ? Right . Right . You do n't understand this . Huh-uh . That 's just the way their minds work . And it 's almost everyday . That 's amazing . It 's amazing that people actually , the stamina that you must , you know , draw from yourself to deal with it . It must be interesting . I guess you find out that you 're a much stronger person than you thought , maybe . Well , I 've been finding out that I really am a nice person . MUMBLEx hit for many years . MUMBLEx because I did n't need it . Huh-uh . And now , I need it . Now it 's just a reservoir that you tend to regularly , I 'm sure . Yeah . And it stays low a lot . Well , are your children now , do you feel comfortable , um , with them coming home after school until you and your wife get home or , Absolutely not . No . Yeah . 