Right , right , I thought , well I was doing them a favor by taking them . I found about five , uh , about nine of them that had not even been folded into boxes , Yeah . that were in the dumpsters . Oh gosh , so many people need , so many people go to the grocery store and stuff and get those boxes , Uh-huh . when , you know , these are perfect , so . Yeah , the ones at the grocery store , half the time , they 've pulled the lid off so you ca n't use it anyway . Right , right , right . Those and the real sturdy boxes that copy room paper comes in , with the nice lids . Those get thrown away . Uh-huh , right . And I am constantly scouting out the copy room for those boxes . That 's exactly what I do . Those are perfect boxes to put files in . Uh-huh . They 're good for storage and stuff like that . That 's what I do with a lot of my daughter 's things is I 'll store her , you know , like her out dated or , out of , out of season clothes in them and they 're just perfect . What , what I 've done in the past , I do n't have any now , but I would buy some cheap wallpaper from somewhere and cover those nice boxes with the lids , Uh-huh . and you can stack them up and , and leave them out and put things in them , even . And they look just as good . That 's a smart idea . Uh-huh , yeah . I think I 'll have to try that . That 's really cute . Yeah well , you know , it 's cheaper than going and buying the kind at Target that are all ready with the little design on them or whatever . They 're the exact same thing . That 's all they are , they just made them look fancy . Uh-huh , yeah . You saved me some money . And you 're recycling . yeah . Well that 's neat . Well do you all have , uh , we have places that , uh , pay for paper to recycle , I know you do yours at work , but for newspaper . Uh-huh . But ours are real hard to find . That 's the one thing that really discourages me . I saved pa- , you know , I recycle paper , but they , it 's almost like they do n't want the paper , because they do n't pay , at all , I mean , they 're real hard to find the places that pay . And that 's really discouraging . I mean , I just go ahead and take it to the , the regular place , where it 's , you know , they just accept it . But they , uh , I think they should yeah , if they want people to recycle I think it 's , uh , you know , like the aluminum , you know , it gets people to , uh , doing it , you know , you might , you do n't have to pay them a lot . Yeah , I live near a Walmart and there 's a big , uh , uh , huge dumpster looking thing sitting out front , in fact I think there 's two of them , that have several openings , Uh-huh . and it 's for recycling 