I remember he was like a backup and then somebody got injured and he was supposed to go . I 'm not sure . Yeah , I kind of , I have n't been keeping up with football , I mean , in the fall I , I can go on and on about football , but since it 's kind of off season , it 's kind of hard to think back about all that . But , uh , , Who else is , uh , oh there 's , you know , Mike MUMBLEx , Minnesota Vikings , used to be the general manager starting the World Football League . Yeah . So , and th- , and he was trying to keep , uh , uh , I ca n't even think of the guy 's name , either , the coach of the Vikings . Um , I have no idea . Bu- , Jerry Burns . No earthly idea . Goin- , ke- , he was going to keep him as the coach somehow , but , uh , I do n't know , I 'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow . How did they end up this year ? Did they , did they make it to the play-offs at all ? Well , they started out really bad , they went like one and six , and then they won five or six in a row . Uh-huh . So they were in a shot to make the play-offs and they screwed up the last couple of games . Kind of like the cowboys , huh . Yeah , I guess you can , Except I think the Cowboys are on the upswing . I do n't know about the Vikings . Yeah . Just had n't heard much about them lately . And the Cardinals were kind of like the Cowb- , in fact they were doing better than the Cowboys , and the Cowboy , Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season , and the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys , so . Yeah . Well , the Cardinals , I do n't know . I think the Cowboys probably have a , a better team . They just , at the end of the season , the kind of got messed up with Aikman getting hurt , because , uh , Laufenberg just could n't ever really get it together at all . Of course , he sat along the sidelines all season , he never really got in a game , never did a whole lot . Oh , do n't made any excuses for him . Well , I 'm just saying I should n't , I should n't blast him like that , say , oh well , Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them , I mean , he did n't get to see much action . But , too bad . Because now , now , you know , he had a shot and , and did n't look too good and so , no one 's going to have much faith in him any more . Uh-huh . In fact , I think they 're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback . I have n't , uh , I have n't kept up with it lately , but I remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on , or , or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody , but it was n't anybody I 'd really heard of . 