you have the AIDS we 're going to solve , try to solve -- Uh-huh . -- the AIDS problem while , while , you know , some people are getting killed here and there and then . Yeah and another one of the problems is that the people who are the dealers , the big dealers in drugs , Uh-huh . may be , may be part of the power structure that 's keeping us from spending the money in that direction . But those people never get caught . The people that -- That 's right , they 'll never get caught . -- that , that I , see , their theory is that if I 'm surrounded , and I 'm going to be caught , I 'm going to try to find my way through , and they 're not going to take me alive . Uh-huh . But I have such a big army outside of my place , that nobody can touch me . That 's right . But they 'll , You know , it 's like , of course , I mean I might be , you know , the the leading drug dealer here , but you wo n't find me dealing in drugs , I mean , there 's no connection -- That 's right . -- between me and the people that were caught , you know . That 's right , and , they , one person does n't know the other person down the line . Right . But the guy at the very top , the one who 's , who 's really making the millions and the millions is the one who also many times is part of the power structure , uh , the , uh , and had the political -- Yeah . -- uh , pull to keep things from , uh , keep the interest or the emphasis in some other direction , other than on the drug dealing , because it sure is monstrous in this country . Yeah , I was , I was at a , at a party on Saturday , and this guy comes over , he goes , hey , how you doing , MUMBLEx he started talking to me , and this guy was from Jamaica , right . Uh-huh . And he 's got his little brother selling drugs . Uh-huh . You know , and he goes , yeah , I just came up here to work , and I go , oh you did , MUMBLEx you make very good money up here . He goes , yeah , I make a lot , a lot of money , he goes , you know . And , uh , in the movie GOOD FELLOWS . Yeah , 