Okay . What is your , uh , community , uh , currently doing with regard to recycling ? Uh , basically , they 're just , uh , having various recycling , uh , bins , uh , located for , uh , trash pickup . Uh-huh . Well that 's more than we have up here in Massachusetts . Some , some local communities are very active in that , uh , in that respect and they do have bins set up . But I live in a , a metropolitan area and , uh , they 're not , uh , too inclined to do something as aggressive as that . Well , here they and , uh , live in an apartment complex . Uh-huh . And they only have one set of recycling bins , one or two sets as opposed to a set at each of the dumpsters . So a lot of the people who live up front do n't bother to recycle because , you know , it 's too far to carry the stuff to the other bins . I , I know a lot , I think a lot of , uh , the , the issues with regard to recycling are that , uh , people have to be motivated to do , to do something like that because it does take extra effort . Whether and , and I think that , and I know Massachusetts has , a bottle bill was passed and we have had a bottle bill for quite a few years now , and the majority of the incentive in recycling bottles probably , believe it or not , is just to get the extra nickel at the , uh , the store and not , uh , that 's the majority of people that I know of anyways . Where people are n't really , you know , eco conscious . It 's just the fact that it 's something they have to do . And I 'm not going to throw a bottle away , it 's like throwing a nickel away . That type of thing . Right . They , But , uh , people need to be more conscious of it . Th- , here they 're trying to push through a bill and a lot of people are against it . And it 's going to create a lot more work for the , uh , the stores that sell , you know , sodas and stuff . Because they want to implement a refund on cans and on plastic bottles and everything . Yeah . MUMBLEx It did n't , it , it took awhile for that bill to be passed up here as far as recycling bottles and cans . Uh , and , and matter of fact , I think it took like three tries t- , for it to go through . But , and it 's been pretty successful and people notice it as far as , uh , highways being , uh , you know , people would dr , have a drink of soda , instead of throwing out the window , they , they keep the bottle so it 's , it 's been a ecologically sound policy and , you know , as , as far as recycling your bottles in terms of trash and so forth . But more importantly , it 's recycling reusable materials back into , uh , manufacturing . And that 's the big thing , I think , that th , they try to promote . Right . I think here if they , uh , instead of just , you know , requiring that you put , put out the trash and stuff , if they could get some kind of rebate , those people who do put the stuff out , uh , you know , and separate it , have lower collection fee or something may -- Yeah , that 's a good idea . -- encourage -- Yeah . -- people to separate . Th- , there definitely has to be a motivation factor and I know that , at w , where I work , I work for a defense contractor . And there 's a big push on for recycling , uh , paper materials , you know , computer output paper and also to decrease the amount of , uh , Styrofoam usage because of the , uh , the process involved in Styrofoam and , and the whole eco issue and that . And , and they 're very proactive and , uh , matter of fact , they give you discounts if you use , uh , china wear rather than , uh , Styrofoam stuff , so . So , i- , i- , it 's incentives like that that get people people more conscious of it . 