but then after that there 's , there 's a lot more . I think it 's important as the safety and health and that kind of stuff , is qualification of people who work there , and in hiring people who would work at the , uh , day care , the child care facility was very difficult to find qualified people , uh , in terms of , not just , just because somebody has a child or , uh , likes children does n't really mean that they 're qualified to give the child the kind of supervision and training that -- Oh , absolutely . -- that , uh , As a matter of fact , I believe that the safety and , and health , uh , issues , uh , depend in a very direct way on the people who are working with the children . Exactly . And that was the most difficult thing of all , to find the , the right people , the qualified people . And it 's the most difficult of all for a parent , judge , uh -- Oh , -- because a person can be very nice and warm and loving , but if he 's a space cadet and does n't watch the children , and be aware of what the safety hazards are , Oh , exactly . And the other thing that 's difficult in , uh , it 's a too small setting , like a day care center is to find the right program of enrichment for the child , because you do n't want to just warehouse the child , and I did n't want to run an institution where that was the case , where all we were doing were warehousing because the first four , five years or so important and you have to have the right kind of enrichment and that , that includes , uh , an atmosphere in which the child is safe and , and he 's watched and his physical needs are cared for , but also his , uh , developmental needs are cared for , too . Maybe the right thing to do is to , uh , when a couple has a child , then they should both take , you say the first four or five years are the most important , and I think I would agree with that , they both take four or five years off and devote to parenting . That would be lovely . Get rid of all these child care centers , at least for young kids below the age of six . 