Well , how about you . Do you use P C -s ? Oh constantly . Yeah . You and me both . It seems everything I do is computer related . Huh-uh . And if it goes down , then we 're stuck all day . Yeah . And so I like the I B M P C , personally . Huh-uh . But that 's pretty much everything I 've worked with and , uh , I 've become so accustomed to it that , uh , it 's second nature . Yeah . What do you use ? Well , I have an , I , I B M P S two , model thirty . Yeah . It 's kind of , kind of getting too slow for me , but my job , I 'm an E D P auditor , so I audit , uh , computer applications both on the personal computer and the mainframe level . Oh , huh-uh . And I use my personal computer constantly , not only do I do P C type things like , uh , using lotus or word processors , Huh-uh . I also use my P C to emulate a mainframe terminal for our I B M mainframe -- Huh-uh . -- and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine . Oh , okay . So all I have on my desk is my P C , but I 'm , I 'm getting , not only our local area network , but I 'm getting two separate mainframe machines , also . Oh , okay . So we , um , we use , it 's an I B M P S two also . Huh-uh . And , um , you know , every now and then the file gets so big , that , you know , it moves slower than I 'd like -- Huh-uh . -- but I , uh , I do mainly graphic work on it . Huh-uh . And , uh , a little bit of word processing and then lotus applications to it . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know , I just , I enjoy working with them . Yeah . There 's so many capabilities out there , I mean , the things you can do are endless . Yeah . I 've become kind of the P C guru in our audit department because it 's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground , Huh-uh . And there 's three of us E D P auditors and one of the three of us has an accounting background and so she 's not real proficient in P C 's and the other just has , Yeah . not used P C 's that much , so I ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they 're doing and I 'm the administrator for our local area network . And I need to keep that going and , 