What about , when , when would people do it , when they finished high school ? I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal , because a lot of times , i- , if they go straight into college I think they 're going in too quick but , I think particular boys that the maturity , in fact I was n't very mature when I left high school and I think there 's a , there 's a real challenge there . There 's also this , this issue of , of , uh , you know , whether you 're really ready , and I think it gives a different perspective . Right , uh , y- , I , I think if you 've been out of school a year , year and a half , before you start to college , you appreciate college more , than someone that just goes right straight into college . The only complication is , is , is how do you fund something like this ? Well , a lot of parents fund their children . There are , uh , some groups that have their children , you know , go away for a year . Even the religious organizations . Yeah , I think the Mormon church has , sends out missionaries that , Right . And the parents fund them for the whole year , year and a half that they 're gone . That 's , uh , it 's interesting . It gets them away from home and , and gets them to do something useful , although the kids today , though , it , it seems that almost that their concern for money , I , we were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in , in trying to find a job , study something that will give them a job as opposed to , be curious , be curious as to if , if there was , if there was mandatory , you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary , do you think that would be reasonable ? I think it would . In , in Israel , the , even the women are , are required to , to be in the military for a certain period of time . Uh , I was in the military , and I personally feel if , if they have draf- , the draft , that they should draft women as quickly as they do the men . Well , but , the , the issue of , of , of , which , what , what would , what would you find , what would you have them do ? You know there are a lot of people around with , there 's a lot of unemployment right now . What would you have these people do if they were brought in ? What , into the service ? Well , yeah . Or , 