Yeah , are you there ? Yes . Okay . Do you know the question for today ? Uh , yes . It 's about why there are n't more people that are voting and participating in ... And what is your feeling ? Do you think this is vital important ? Oh , absolutely . Okay . Do you , Um , I think that , uh , it 's kind of discouraging to , uh , I have been involved in some political campaigns and that kind of thing , and it 's really discouraging to be in a phone bank and call people and not , a lot of them are so ill informed they have no idea , you know , even that there 's an election or , I , and these are people that are registered . It , I have worked in some campaigns and it 's the most discouraging thing in the world . I 'm originally from Oklahoma , and up there if they miss three elections , then they have to reregister . And I have often wondered if , if maybe that would help the situation . I do n't know . Well , that 's a thought . Well , can you come up with anything else that maybe we could do to these people ? Huh . I do n't know I , I like that idea . Um , oh , I had a thought just a second ago but it slipped my mind . Oh , that 's all right . Um , one thing that I- , that I think probably one of the reasons that people do n't vote more is because they do n't know the candidates . And I think sometimes , you know , that 's one thing that I have learned in w , working in elections and things is , you know , sometimes even when you work for someone you do n't really know what they 're like . I know there 's been a couple of people that we voted for and worked for and when they got in office it was just a disaster . Well , Uh , and , and I 'm not sure how you go about really finding out what people are really like before you vote for them . I 'm , I 'm not sur , the only thing is if they do n't vote , they have no right to complain . Absolutely . It is , um , I do n't know why we are so complacent , but I 'm going to vote each time . Right or wrong I 'm going to cast a ballot and then if I 'm unhappy with it , I have the right to express my opinion . That 's right . 