I think , I think the stand they have , or , or the way the command respect , I , I support that . I think that is a , a positive thing for them after , um , uh , thousands of years , they have to , uh , they ha , I think they in , when they be , became a country they more than , or , more or less decided they were n't going to take it anymore , and , uh . Well , they did n't have much choice , they could either fight or die . Yeah , exactly , exactly and , uh , um , so , gee , I lost my train of thought here . But , uh , um , so , okay so I ca n't say whether that , that I 'm pro Israel or anti Israel . I mean , I 'd like to see them resolve something in that situation and get some stability in the region and looks uh , that the joining of forces for this , uh , uh , Desert Shield and Desert Storm thing ended up being a positive thing . It is a positive thing , um , however , uh , every time an organization such as the P L O says well we 'll see if we can work with Israel , then , uh , they get embarrassed some , every few months by documents that reveal that their ultimate purpose is to totally eliminate them . Right . And so you , you basically have , uh , mutually exclusive interests , either Israel is going to occupy the area , or the Arabs are going to occupy the area and I 'm just not sure that , that there 's going to be any easy permanent solution . Yeah , somebody 's going to , and I think that 's the problem the P L O has is that when they , whenever one group of them decides that they 're going to negotiate , or they 're going to do something , they 're going to try to make some peace , but , uh , the end result is that they , there so many factions of them and , uh , some more violent than others , some with a certain agenda different than the others , or they split , they end up being , becoming divisive themselves . Exactly . Uh , I , it 's interesting , It is . I , I 'm , I 'm looking forward to seeing what happens over there in the next couple of months , but , uh , that 's , Yeah , I , I commend Israel for their restraint in not responding to the Scud attacks . Yeah , I know , that , that is almost , I mean that 's absolutely unprecedented that was , Yeah . an , an incredible foreign policy coup on the part of the President and the State Department . Exactly , exactly . And that , I mean that 's never happened before , No . and I do n't know if it will ever happen again but , May not . 