but you are responsible for that company growth . You 're responsible also for helping that company get to the par- , point that it 's at at making profits . So there should be something in there or some kind of clause that will subsidize people if they did lose their job other than , you know , uh , neglect or something like that . Uh-huh . You know . Because it 's not a person 's fault that , you know , people not buying or businesses are , are not on the up and up all the time , you know . I do n't see how one or two people , maybe more one or two , but , you know , a number of people can , can be the downfall of com- , a company situation . Now how do you mean that ? I know it , Well in a sense that say , how do you make a , a conclusion that you 're going to lay off these ten people . Uh-huh . Uh , for the bad times of the company . What about the , the work effort those ten people did when the company was doing well . Uh-huh . You know . In that standpoint . Well , you , you think it 's better than to , to try to spread the , the effort equally among all the employees of the company or , Ye- , yes , I do . Uh-huh . I really do . I think it 'd be better that way and even at that , it would at least give the person time to look for another job because -- Uh-huh . -- they know that MUMBLEx that there are problems and , you know , there are reason to look for another job -- Yeah . -- instead of just dumping it on them all at one time . Uh-huh . You know . That 's just , that 's my views , you know . Yeah . I 've heard of a couple of companies that have done that . I think , uh , back about , a few years ago when things were tough , Hewlett-Packard did that for awhile . They went to a , uh , a , a four and a half day work week rather -- Right . -- than cut , yeah , just cut everybody back ten percent . Right . And , uh , have to , give everybody a half day a week off . Right . And I think you can do that for a little while but I 'm , Well at least that would give a person a chance to look -- Yeah . -- you know . Because the way it is , a person really do n't have a chance . 