Oh , yeah . Yeah . I , uh -- Uh-huh . -- like you , I have n't done any in quite some time -- Uh-huh . -- except for what I call living now -- Yeah . -- which is , which is very close to camping . Is it ? Uh-huh . Yeah . You know , I , uh , camped in the Boy Scouts and , you know , my dad and I went out sometimes but -- Uh-huh . -- uh , even my first , uh , eight or nine years of working , I camped almost all of the time because I was in construction . Uh-huh . And it is cheaper to pitch a tent and cook your meals out by the fire than it is to rent an apartment -- Yeah . -- add to stress . I mean , when you have to have it , you have got to have it . Uh-huh . And , you know , in those those kinds of situations , uh , room rent which is outrageous . Uh-huh . Yeah . So , my buddy and I , we just camped . Uh-huh . And we figured , what the hell , we did it when we were kids and we loved it . Uh-huh . Of course , we did n't really rough it that much . When , when I was in high school , he is a couple years older than me and , uh , he graduated and went off to college and , uh , during the summer we would camp out at the lake . Uh-huh . But it was n't very much like camping because we had a refrigerator and a stove . Oh , well . Yeah . You know , I had a little boat house and floated it out on Lake Grapevine . Uh-huh . And , uh , well , it was fantastic . We would get up in the morning , go skiing , uh , that substituted for a shower -- Uh-huh -- and then we would go to work and uh , come back to the , uh , you know , boat house at night and , uh , in the afternoon , you know , it is still four o'clock . You have got four hours of day light , good skiing left . Uh-huh . And , uh , it was great . Yeah . But , uh , you know , now all my life is more like camping than not camping really . Uh-huh . Do you have electricity out there . Oh , yeah . Yeah . You 've got a phone obviously . Well , actually as a matter of fact , they just ran the phone three years ago . Uh-huh . We did n't have a phone . 