Well , it 's good that she does that , I mean , bring it to people 's attention . Well , that 's exactly right . You know , she keeps , you know keeps several weeks ' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show , you know , look , this did n't really need to be changed . You know , this is ridiculous and you know , changing , add this time to now . You know , I mean , that 's the kind of things , you know , that she 's keeping and showing , that , this was a big waste of time , it was a waste of paper , it was a waste , you know -- Right , -- to change something like that . So . Anyway , maybe , you know , maybe it 'll , it 'll help in some way , but I do n't know . There , there definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative . Oh I have to , Without a doubt . Without a doubt . Well , I would like to get one at home some day . We 've got a two year old son , and so , you know , some day I would like to get , even just like the video tell , or something like that , you know , just to , to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful . You know so , Especially when they 're in school , I think they would get a lot out of it . Oh , I do too , I do too . The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful , you know , that sounds like such a great idea , you know , it 'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it . So . I know , my father had a P C , and when we were in high school it was always fun . We could , um , link in , and I do n't even remember now what it was called . But you could link in and talk to other peo- , talk to people all over the country , you know . Uh-huh . And , like , you have your own little code name , you know , and you 'd type in du du du , Hi how are you , du du du , and they 'd type back and everybody , and you 'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time , and everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they 're typing it , and it was just great fun , you know , It was very expensive , because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance , you know . It was like a -- Ooh . -- long distance phone call . So , we were each limited to like twenty minutes a day , you know , so . Ooh , that still could add up . Oh it added up big . Well , you know , we , my parents were divorced 