they , uh , they basically reviewed Oregon 's plan -- Uh-huh . -- or The Oregon Plan -- Right . -- toward , uh , nationalizing health care and that kind of thing . It 's kind of an interesting plan . It 's kind of cold though . They 've essentially made up a list of , uh , oh , all the different , uh , medical maladies that you can have -- Oh , yeah . -- and then basically made a cutoff , about six hundred and eighty-seven and below will not be covered by , by , uh , subsidized health care , and the ones above would . Um . So it 's kind of like drawing this line and , and if you have it great , if you do n't , you 're kind of out of luck -- Uh-huh . -- but , um , it was kind of an interesting show . Um . I think you 're right , I think health care is probably the , the most pressing -- Right . -- uh , the pressing one , but I 'll tell you , I , I do n't mind having dental , you know , sometimes dental costs can be , um , just about as expensive , if not more , and I know historically a lot of companies I think carried dental as a rider along with the medical -- Uh-huh . -- but I 'm not sure that 's , that 's widely followed any more . I 'm not sure , how , how does , uh , University of New Hampshire handle it ? Well , we have two different plans that we can subscribe to under dental , uh , depending , and , and the cost between them is very , is very little . I think it costs me something like five dollars a , a month for the dental plan . Um . But it pays , uh , a substantial amount . I mean , the examinations and , and , uh , checkups every year , or every six months are free -- Great . -- and , uh , it , it covers the bulk of the dental expenses . Is that , uh , let me interrupt , is that the same for both , uh , professors and , and also staff and administration , is that generally across the board , do you think or , Uh , yes , it is . The benefits plan is different for operating , for what we call operating staff , which are considered to be , uh , clerical personnel , accountants , things like that -- Right . -- as opposed to what they call the P A T staff , which I belong to -- Uh-huh . -- but the main , I think the , the health and all that and the dental is the same for everybody , and the retirement plan . But -- Uh-huh . -- the main difference is in the , uh , the way sick time is accrued and vacation time is accrued . Oh , okay . Uh , for the operating staff it 's on a seniority , it 's , you know , based on how long they 've worked there . Right . That determines how much , uh , vacation time they get . Yeah , I 'm kind of interested because I 'm actually , that 's the route I 'd like to take when I finally get my degree -- Uh-huh . -- is to , uh , is to teach in a university . Uh-huh . 