But , uh , I just think that , you know , when there 's two year olds running around , the , whoever is taking care of , the care givers are going to pay attention to the two year olds . That 's right . And only when the infant screams , That 's right . are they going to go there , and if not , the infant is going to lay in the crib all day , and maybe have a mobile above it to play with . Right . And , you know , I play with her most of the time she is awake and I think that is so important . Right . Well that , it is important for the bonding that they do it , Yeah . with the mother . Well , such as things for learning gives the child stimulation I think is important . Right . And , uh , Our oldest grandson , when he was eighteen months old went into a , a Montessori , Uh-huh . day care system . And they took infants starting at six weeks , and they have a program , uh , in , that was devised by this montessori person and , uh , and a certain type of stimulations and there 's times of day that even when the child is awake that they , that they lay quietly and look at certain things they keep , deliberately keep the room not real bright . Uh-huh . And , and , uh , they have different things they will , they will put them down on the floor , and of course , they never have more than like five , and , and they will put them down on the floor and they will have on- , I think one of them was a little mirror and some were just different objects that have , had a definite purpose -- Uh-huh . -- for kids , you know , and there 's something about their eyes . Yeah , Uh , well she 's , she 's just been doing all kinds of stuff where she 's , you know MUMBLEx , How old is she ? She 's two months now , nine weeks . Oh , yeah . And she 's just drastically moving her eyes from one side to another and things like that . Uh-huh . And she 's just started that like yesterday or the day before , Uh-huh , uh-huh . and so every days are different . Uh-huh . And I think that , you know , I think child care for infants is much harder than when they are older , and I will probably be going back to work around January , Um . whereas she will be about , A little older . eight or nine months old . And so I think , you know , she will be at a , 