So , we 're just starting into hunting for child care . Yeah . Right now , both of us are students . Are you ? Where are -- Uh , -- a student ? Uh , University of Southern Mississippi . No kidding . Uh , she 's , I was a professor in a university here in California for a while . Yeah . Yeah , uh , are you going to , uh , put your son in child care in a , a year or two ? Uh , probably . Uh , actually spring semester a year from now he 's going to have to be in child care f- , uh , five days a week more than likely . Yeah . Uh , depending on how my class schedule runs because my wife will be doing her internship that semester . Uh-huh . It will be forty hour week , not , no , eight to five type of thing . Yeah . So , depending on what my class schedule looks like , he may spend four , si- , anywhere from four to eight hours a day in child care at that point . Right now we 're trying to avoid it , but we just , as a matter of fact just yesterday hired a , a girl to , uh , watch him . Uh , I get out of class at certain time and my wife is already supposed to be on her way to her class . You know , once a day this overlap happens where we ca n't , one of us -- Yeah . -- be home . Yeah . So for about twenty min- , twenty , thirty minutes a day we got a baby-sitter comes in . Well , that 's a good experience , I think , and , uh , there are a lot of things to think about and the articles that are written on the topic , are pretty good and they kind of boil down to , uh , any other important decision you really have to explore the alternative -- Uh-huh . -- and what we found , uh , to be the best guide was our own instincts about , people who were going to be loving -- Yeah . -- and , uh , that 's more important than anything else . We could have sent , uh , her to a fancier , uh , facility . Uh-huh . Uh , she goes to a home . This is a , uh , a couple , uh , emigrated from China early -- Uh-huh . -- in , in their lives . They 've been here probably thirty , forty years . Yeah . They 've got three daughters . Uh , and , they have a loving home and , uh , they 're both there and they have a kid that comes in and helps them in the afternoon . Uh-huh . And our daughter is healthy , happy , well adjusted and enjoys going -- Yeah . -- to see her friends , so -- Uh , that makes a big difference . -- it 's a good experience . I th- , if it 's good , I think it 's very good for the child . Yes . And if it 's , a loving environment , I think it 's very good and , and that 's really what we 've learned about it . She 'll have to go on to something more stimulating in terms of preschool in a year -- Yeah . -- but , uh , we feel real fortunate and we were able to , uh , just , uh , choose in the marketplace . I do n't know what it 's like around , uh , Hattiesburg . There 's a lot of child care available , but -- Uh-huh . -- invariably there 's waiting lists . Yeah . And we were a little slow getting on the waiting list -- Yeah . -- with the , uh , okay , the university , uh , university 's , uh -- I 'll bet they 're involved . -- uh , department of , uh , uh , their Home Ec Department -- Yeah . -- uh , they , uh , they have a subbranch , uh , American Family Counseling 