Yeah . No , I think it 's now , is what , uh , from what I understand it 's air conditioning units and , and , Uh-huh . we certainly turned into an air conditioned -- -- society . Yeah , I know in Florida there 's no place you go that is n't air conditioned , and I do quite a bit of business in Washington . And , I mean you know what it 's like here . Oh , yeah , it 's quite , is , is the un- , it 's really out of the norm not to find something that is n't air conditioned . And , Yeah , yeah , yeah . and I guess refrigerators , We just had the , are the same way . They release that . That 's right . So , solutions to this , Yeah . would be I , I , Well , you know , improved . Well , I guess the fur , the , to me the first thing is I wish society would get as upset about this as you do get , getting people upset about animal rights . Yeah . I mean this is so , so basic . It 's human rights in the sense , but , uh , in terms of demanding , it 's just not caused but demanding that , uh , we can spend so much money on certain things but that research really be directed toward , um , improvement of polluting vehicles , and not just cars but also buses , um , planes . That something can be done . I me- , I ca n't imagine that well , Well , I , I th- , if we ca n't send people to the moon , Yeah . that we ca n't improve these things . No , I think that it can be done simply because , uh , uh , we 've , we 've , every car now in America that 's been produced for the past fifteen years has what they call a catalytic converter . Converter , yeah , uh-huh . And no lead gas was , came to the pumps . And , and that 's been done . There 's the lead pollution has , that problem , essentially I guess because it was at crisis proportions was , Uh-huh . was licked . And I think that there are th- , there are solutions , And that MUMBLEx for buses , certainly we do n't even need a , need a research anymore . It 's just a matter of passing the law , and passing the law depends on how heavy the car industry , the automobile lobby is . That 's right . Well , and also to make it economically feasible . That 's right . That 's right . Uh , and per- , ti- , also in buses . I do n't know if you ever got caught in a traffic jam behind a bus , Oh , yeah , well , That , you know , That , that , the , the smell is awful and but , you know , I was reading the other day not to go on with this but that , Uh-huh . Yeah . diesel fumes actually have less pollutants in them than gasoline fumes . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So , I guess you 're better off sitting behind a bus than a car although I can never , I could never , uh , really a- , a- , rationalize that while I was sitting there . Yeah , but even , of course , in the longer term just to get away from fossil fuels . Yeah . I mean , I 'm , I 'm thinking of research in that direction rather than we , we 've taken the intermediate step but I do n't think , Well , we , you know -- fossil fuels are the answer . -- up here in New England , uh , where I 've , right close to where I live is the Seabrook Nucleus site which is , Uh-huh . practically a , you know , guerilla war up here , Yes I me , went on for years . 