Okay , Bill , right ? Yes . Okay , Bill , have you done much camping ? Uh , yes . I 'm a scoutmaster in Boy Scouts . Uh-huh . And I camp , uh , every month , uh , camp at least one weekend and during the summer we camp , uh , two or three weeks a year . Oh , well , that , that sounds good . I 'd say I camp quite a bit . Yeah , you do . Um , now do you have a lot mountains , well , you do n't have mountains in Texas , do you . Where do you find places to camp ? Well , uh , we , we do a lot of canoeing when we go camping -- Oh . -- and we , uh , we also , uh , carry all our equipment with us -- Uh-huh . -- and so we canoe down the river and then , sleep on the river on one of the , um , sand bars and then -- Oh . -- get up the next morning , cook our breakfast , and go down the river again . Oh , my word . Well that sounds adventuresome . How about yourself ? Well , um , I 've done , oh , I would say quite a bit of camping , mostly with my husband and I . Um , we have five children , and so we have found that camping with the little ones is n't as enjoyable as just when we go ourselves . So we 've tried to get out once a year and go on a anniversary camp out , and we have gone up into the mountains and , uh , not necessarily roughed it , but we have just found it just real enjoyable to be alone up in the mountains . Well , that 's good . And , then the boys are , our boys are old enough now , they 're twelve and eleven , and so , they 're involved in the scouting and they do a lot of camping with the scouts -- Uh-huh . -- and last time our one twelve year old went to the scout camp for a week , and so this year they 'll both be going , and so that 's been real enjoyable for them . Great . So . What , uh , what kind of camping do they like best ? Do they like it where they have tents and , uh , do they cook on stoves ? Um , yes , they 've , well , no , actually they 've , I remember , they have taken the , the du- , the heavy cast iron dutch ovens and done their cooking there over the fire , and I do n't think they 've taken the stoves . Um , last year they camped in tents , and this year I believe they will be in tents also . Uh-huh . Course I imagine it gets cold in parts of Utah . Uh-huh , yeah . It does n't get very cold in Texas , 