Yeah . Sort of a small size , sort of a small size and , and we , anyway we just , we did n't stop and look them , look at them a long time but , and they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down , you know , uh -- Uh-huh . -- sort of , sort of a basket -- The carton . -- type thing . The paper carton . Right , right , so , I had n't seen that in a long time . Yeah . Well , I mean the , you really look and say a lot of the things we need to do , we were doing and we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons , the wood , uh , racks which now , basically , you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold , uh , twenty-four bottles . And , and , uh , uh , I 'm not really say going back to good old days , but certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now . Yeah , yeah , well , Well , it will be interesting to see how , over the next year , this all works out because , like on the , uh , grass , I 'm , I know your husband , uh , does n't really like the paper sacks . No , he does n't like the paper sacks and , uh , but he , but , you know , he likes to pick the grass up , too . He does n't , Yeah . Does n't , I 'm the , I 'm the same way because otherwise , uh , oh , I 'm , I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal , uh , Neal 's a person who says , I like to pick it up but I do n't believe in throwing it into the , uh , the landfill , so I have my compost pile , but most of us do n't have the , uh , sufficient , lot size to , uh , to do that . Right , right . Uh , so I 'm glad the city 's willing to take that on . That 's nice . I guess they dump it the same place , I wonder where they dump that . Well , there 's someplace , you know , if it 's , because really , when I look at what my grass does in , in actually about twenty-four hours , uh , knowing what the farmers do in rural areas , they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally , uh , composts or stores and , uh , so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it 