But , uh , you know , then the kids kind of suffer . Yeah , I , ideally , it wo , it would be nice to be able to just have , like , back in the old days , Uh-huh , huh . you know , back like whe , when I grew up , Yeah . you know , the , the mom stayed home , you know , and raised the kids . My mom did n't go back to work until I was in junior high school . Yeah . Um , so she was there pretty much all my , you know , formative years . Yeah . And that was nice and I liked that and I would hope that I would be able to give that to my kids . Uh . But I think with the way the future is , um , economy wise , I do n't think it 's going to be realistic . I know . Unfortunately , that 's probably true . Um , do you think s- , the , the parents spend quality time with their kids are do you think it 's more like watching T V and stuff like that , not really , uh ... I , yeah , I , I think that , I think very few spend quality time . I think most of the time the kids are usually off watching cartoons or playing video games or stuff , stuff like that . Yeah . I think that , um , uh , most , most kids that I see do n't really , they do n't really value quality time . Yeah it 's always that way unti- , until it 's too late . Until , until they 're older and then they look back . Yeah , it 's true , um . What 's , what are some other questions they have , MUMBLEx , I 'm not sure . I know my parents are growing up , I guess they never spent much time watching T V . In fact , I 've never seen my mom turn on the T V , we did n't really have one MUMBLEx . Oh really . Yeah , and , and they spent a lot of time like outside with us and stuff , but , you know , my dad had his own business and it was easier for them to do that , but , I , I do n't know , it was , I guess I did n't realize what a luxury it was at the time . I , I think kids now a days are raised on T V . I mean that 's , that 's almost like a surog , Yeah . T V -s a surrogate parent . Yeah , that 's a good way to put it . And not a , and not a very good one at that . Yeah , that 's a pretty good way to put it . If I had kids , well if you had kids , what kind of things do you hope to do ? . Um , I , I hope to , of course , be able to teach them right from wrong . I hope , I hope to be able to spend , um , their growing up years , being in the home , you know , not having to work . Yeah . Um , and being able to do , 