Huh . The handwriting 's on the wall there , is n't it ? Yep , it sure is . You know , but that 's another issue altogether . Yeah it 's , As far as capital punishment , I think that , uh , ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment . I think the guy should have ninety days and if he ca n't produce evidence -- Uh-huh . -- not argument , but evidence , See , the only thing I do n't , you know , I do n't understand , I guess I , I do n't understand our judicial system , uh , as it is right now because I , you know , if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death , how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of ex- , execution ? I mean , how , you know , is -- Well , -- there , Th- , that goes back to when , uh , America was a , a colony of England . Uh-huh . In England , you went to court , you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty , you know , judge said , he 's guilty , kill him . Well , th- , there were some people that , uh , that had a problem with that . Uh-huh . Because they found out later on that , jeez , you know , a guy will lie rather than get killed . Right . And he 'll say , you know , hey , that guy did it , you know , not me . Yeah . And , uh , or he 'll have somebody lie for him . You know , people lie , it 's a -- Yeah . -- strange thing , but they do that , and to prevent that kind of misuse of power , they wrote into the Constitution a protection -- Uh-huh . -- against judicial mishap . Huh . And the judicial mishap in this event would be , hey , you got the wrong guy . Look at that guy , uh , at E Systems . Yep . They were g- , they convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit . Yeah . He was too far away when it happened . He had witnesses that were , you know , they were n't dope dealers , they were n't drug fiends , they were employees of a , an establishment that had a very high level of security sense , too . And these were really responsible people . Huh . You know , and they convicted this guy because somebody says , well , he looks like the right guy . They all look the same to me , you know . Yeah . Big lips , flat nose , yep , that was him . Yep . What do you think about , uh , uh , convicted , uh , 