Friday paper and sometimes the , the OBSERVER . Which my husband usually picks up . Okay . And also through coupons . When a new restaurant opens up , they usually send out coupons . That 's , And you know , when they say , you know , buy one get one free . That 's right . It 's hard to resist , so we 'll go in . And very often we 'll , find a place that we like and we 'll stick with it once they , give , they no longer give coupons . We 'll , we 'll , uh , we 'll stay there . Oh good . Oh , good . But we 've found probably half of our sort of regular restaurants through coupons , and the other half through the , through the newspaper reviews . Oh . Oh , yeah . We , I guess we , we use the coupons , too . That 's true . That 's true . I mean it 's wonderful , particularly if you have more than two people and you 've got say four or something like that . It 's very expensive to go out to eat . Oh right . Right . So , yeah that , that is really one of our , it 's almost a hobby with us . Well I think that it 's just , that 's ex , , sometimes I think going out to eat it 's , it 's sort of a recreation . Yes . So , uh , just a , just a change of pace -- Yes . -- from , uh , eating at home . So , uh -- Yeah . -- anyway . I guess , uh , as far as , as far as service when we go out -- Uh-huh . -- gosh , it 's nice , it 's nice to have someone come and wait the table . Oh , absolutely . And clear the table and , And do the dishes . Yeah , and do the dishes . And , uh , actually it 's kind of nice to , you know , I always , uh , a waitress or waiter that waits the table , it 's nice that they 're attentive but it 's not nice when they 're too attentive . Oh , yes . So , uh , we 've had experience with that , too . So , M- , m- , m- , my sister , who also lives here in Dallas , uh , tends to , uh , chat with waiters and waitresses and become their best friends during the course of dinner , which drives me absolutely batty . Oh , yeah . Well , how we -- but , -- it may , it may help their tip , may not , huh . What 's your favorite restaurant ? Gosh , I guess just in Plano , I , Plano I like to go to Souper Salads . Uh-huh . Uh , Chili 's , Chili 's is always fine . Sure . I guess if we go to Dallas , into Dallas , we like , uh , the Routh , is it Routh Street Cafe . You know , we 've never been there . Well -- And that 's supposed to be wonderful . -- well , you would like it . Um . You 'd like it especially it you 're adventuresome . Uh-huh . It just , we 've , we 've taken people there several times and , uh , they have a good , they have a good choice of things that are very different sounding . I guess , it 's , whether you call it Southwestern 