Uh-huh . of us , and we just had a regular old typewriter , not even a correcting one back then . Oh -- It was n't that long ago , but -- -- and you had to type all of his papers . -- I typed his Master 's papers and things on a typewriter . Oh gosh , Oh boy , to have a computer back then . Oh , cut your time in half at least . At least . At least . I mean , and then of course you have some changes to make , and do the whole thing over . You take out a sentence , on a computer you take it out , bleep , print it out , fine . Uh-huh . Take out a sentence on a piece of paper , You do the whole thing over . Right . That 's right . You know , I remember when I was working in high school , you know , I was working in an office , right after I got out of high school I continued working there for probably another year . And we did everything on a typewriter -- Oh , yeah . -- everything . But it 's amazing , you know , then , when , where , you know , someone would have you type a letter , they did it right , they did it right . I mean , they were , The first time . Yeah , they sit there and they go , is this really what I want to say , and you typed it and that was it , and now , you know people just send it back over and over and over and over . That 's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it 's brought about , because people do feel like , Oh well , we can just change it . Well , we 'll try this out and see what it looks like . Yeah . Yeah , use it as a , just a , Yeah , instead of knowing what they want to say -- Right . -- before they eve- , they just , you know , play with it , and , which in a way is nice to be able to do , but , you know , it , it gets a little out of hand sometimes . I 've seen it get out of hand up here , you know -- Oh yeah . -- where we 've got a secretary that sits over here that 's keeping metrics right now , and keeping up , you know , of all the letters I type , how many cha- , how many of them do I make changes on . And on each letter , what types of changes . Are they typos ? Are they because I could n't read it or people just change a , like , one word because they think it sounds better , or whatever . And , you know , she 's also keeping a percentage , you know , what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason . Uh-huh . And there 's like one week , she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed -- I believe it . -- you know , and it 's like , you know , it 's ridiculous and that was , that was the high week , 