Uh , well , uh , to begin , I guess , uh , space is , uh , real important , I think , so it 's real vital to the future of not only our kids but every generation until the end of time , I guess . So . Yeah , I , I agree -- Uh . -- it 's definitely new frontier stuff . So , uh , but , uh , I 'm not too up-to-date on the space , on the space frontier , but , uh , I guess they 're going , going pretty far into it now . Um , Star Wars is not too far I do n't think . But , uh , I , I , I worked on some of it at T I -- Oh , have you . -- once upon a time . Yeah . So what do you know about it . Well , actually I 'm , I , I 'm quite versed lately . I get on a computer network all the time , and people are talking about , about the current space program all the time . They 're talking about new rockets that they 're designing now that , you know , are just like science fiction , you know , it 's like they , take off , you know , and then they land , with the , with the , you know , the afterburners are going , you know , not like space shuttle landing , you know , gliding down , but -- Really . -- straight down to the landing pad . Oh , my gosh . Yeah , it 's called V C X or something like that . Also called Delta Clipper , which is a decent name for -- Wow . -- something like that . Well , I do n't know . You think you 'd , you think you 'd , uh , go up in space if you had a chance ? Oh , yeah -- Do you , -- I think I would . I think that 'd be neat . I think I would just sitting here talking about it , but if the time came , it 'd be real nervous . I 'd be scared , scared me worse than Six Flags roller coaster . That 'd be pretty hairy . Well , you know , I had a car , uh , uh , a tire come off of a car , so you know , I , like I know what it 's like to , Yeah , imagine . Depending on what was left of my technology to get me home . Right , right . So , well , I guess they 're talking about people going to the moon and stuff , now , wherever . Yeah , they 're talking about doing that again , too . And opening up those stations , whatever , filling them . Uh-huh . I do n't know if we 'll ever see that up there . Well at least we 're going to have a space station supposedly in the next few years . Oh , really . Yeah , and they 're going to put , That 's all beyond my imagination really . 