I mean , when I , when , when , when we came to San Antonio it was just like , uh , you know , it just , just swelter and then we got used to it and then we went up to Dallas and it was just , it 's , it 's not , not that it 's just hot or dry , it 's just not very comfortable , it just , Her- , do you , you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas . Yeah , a little bit . Uh-huh . Yeah . You must , well , uh , it must be quite a bit hotter down there , is n't it ? Yeah , my wife and I , the last day we were in Florida , we , my visiting my , uh , my parents , and my brother and sister , we were , we were down there and , the last day , right before we left , we had to , I had to ride with my sister and the air conditioning went out on the car , Oh , wow . and , we , you , you just get used to air conditioning all the time , Oh yes . and this , it was just , the humidity was like eighty plus , eighty percent plus and it was just killing us . Oh yeah , it 's terrible . Orlando is the only place I 've ever been where I 've seen the car sweat . Yeah . I mean , that 's really bad . Yeah , well , I mean , I , I , I guess I 've been in some places , you know , where the weather was just so mild , you know , places like Monterey , California or , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you know , just , you know , so mild , and then you 've been to such extremes like San Angelo , Texas where you just , where you walk outside and you sweat , you know you 're sweating , Yeah . you look down at your arm , but you see the water leaving your arm , it 's so hot , Oh wow , uh . you just feel it pulling away , bizarre . I know I , I tend to , I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the weather when it 's very temperate . Yeah . Uh it does n't , some people say , uh , they , they like to watch the changing of the seasons but , uh , I 'd rather , you know , like southern California , you know , have it kind of sunny and temperate all the time . Yeah . So , it 's kind of a luxury . I tend to agree but , I do n't know , I , I think , in , in some , in some respects it probably MUMBLEx more tolerable . 