Well , do you own a P C ? No , I do n't , I have one at , uh , the company I work for furnishes , so I can work at home . Oh , wow . And it 's just an old , old compact , that is super slow and , but it does , it does its job , so . What processor does it have in it ? Um , I do n't know , it 's so old . It 's one of , Oh what kind of work do you do on it ? Um , I do , um , television ratings and I process some ratings and put , do graphics for their television stations , Oh , okay . MUMBLEx their clients , so . Yeah . It 's basically just data entry and running , you know , some , some software so it does n't really have to be anything sophisticated , you know . Huh , yeah , I do n't own a P C but I 've , I 've , yeah , I work for T I and , uh , Yeah , my husband does , too , so . Well , I have , uh , pretty , fa , a fairly fancy one , it 's a T I model . It 's an S P one thousand which , has a , it has a fast processor in it , a three eighty-six . Uh-huh . And I , the , the job that I do , I do a lot of training of our customers for new products . Uh-huh . And I have to develop , uh , functional specs and , disk and desk top publishing and everything , so it 's , Uh-huh . it 's kind of fun , Yeah . I mean , I , I always say that I need to buy a computer for the house but I just have n't got around to doing it yet . Oh , yeah , I 'd like to have one for the house , too , but sometimes MUMBLEx my husband , my husband says usually , I work on the computer all day at work , I do n't want to come home and have to work on one , too . Your husband , what , what group is your husband in ? Um , something with the defense . Oh , MUMBLEx ? Huh ? Defense systems and electronics group ? Yeah , something like that , yeah , they 've changed their name so many times I 've lost track , so . I see . Yeah . He works up in Plano . Oh , okay . So . Yeah , I work on , uh , printers and , Uh-huh . the peripheral products division , basically , uh , I work in the airline , ma- , marketing group . Oh . So , we , we do a lot of , I did n't even know they had anything like that . Oh , yeah . Man , there 's so , they 're , I learned so many things that they , they do , they 're into so many different things , so . Yeah , I just kind of , MUMBLEx in for a while , you know , he had a , he had , uh , one of those , what are they , top secret things , Uh-huh . you know , where he could n't talk about what he did , so . Yeah . For a while but then he switched jobs . I do n't understand half the stuff he does and , I have , uh , Is he a programmer ? Uh-huh . I see . Software design engineer , so , as they call it , so . But I have a degree in information management , Uh-huh . which is computer , you know , Right . it 's basically the , more the bus- , business end of it than the programming end of it , you know . Right . So , but I 've been at it for , you know , five years , 