-- insurance . And it was a -- That 's must have been hard . -- go to Parkland type situation . How was your care at Parkland ? Uh , because it was a life threatening situation , it was very good . Uh , as it , as it turned out one of the top , uh , people , or one of the top doctors in the state that is involved in cancer treatment was at Parkland . But , yet , Parkland is not free , either . No , it 's not free , but , uh , Is it affordable ? It 's , it 's a situation that because I did n't have any insurance and I was on unemployment , it was paid by the county . So you did have a good experience . I had a bad experience as it turned out . Uh , I was fortunate that there was Parkland . Is your wife better , I hope ? Uh , no she passed away . I 'm real sorry . That 's all right . Sure . That happens . It does happen , but it 's very sad . Yeah , but in any event , uh , I 'm in favor of national health . Well -- If I had -- -- so am I . -- to vote for it . Actually , uh , I 'm a pediatrician -- Oh , is that right ? -- and I feel very strongly about , uh , children , and , uh , developed very strong feelings about this during our measles epidemic -- Uh-huh . -- last year . Uh-huh . Where we certainly proved that we 're not doing a very good job with preventive health care among children and particularly the children who need it most . So , uh , I 'm really quite active in trying to , uh , be proactive at least for children 's issues . It 's very complex , very complicated , but , uh , I strongly believe that all children have a right to immunization , glasses , hearing aids , basic health benefits . Well , I , when I grew up and I grew up in south central Kansas , uh , we had , and my mom worked for the health department , the county health department and we had x-rays every year , we had a dentist come to our school and , uh , check our teeth once a year at least . Uh , we had all our flu shots taken care of , our measles , mumps , rubella and all that other stuff . Um . And , uh , when my children were growing up , we did n't have that . We had to pay for it , which I was n't opposed to paying for it . I had the money to pay for it , but I 'm sure that there were people that do n't . Well , and the costs have , so much has gone up so much . The cost of immunizations for example , uh , and just the legal , the legal benefits , uh , that has really forced people into doing a lot of things unnecessarily , et cetera . Uh-huh . So , well , I do n't know , it 's , it is interesting , in case you did n't know , Texas leads the nation in uninsured children . Thirty-one percent of all Texas children -- Did not know that . -- do not have insurance and are not on Medicaid . So , uh , one out of every three children has nothing to reimburse them for their health care . And I work in the children 's Parkland system and it 's pretty overwhelming to me . Uh-huh . But , uh , it 's pretty hard to be indigent and to be dependent upon indigent health care systems in Dallas county . 