so . Well , she does n't do much hunting , she could care less about that . Yeah . She 's does a little fishing , but , you know , golf would give her the exercise , she 'd be outside , give her something to do that we both enjoy , so . Yeah , it , it sounds like we 've got real similar situations . Yeah . I , I , I go home , uh , I 've gone home every year now since I 've moved to Dallas to , to go pheasant hunting , and , uh -- Uh-huh . -- um , the , the last time I , I took my wife along and , uh , k- , kind of the same situation . She 's , she 's up in the house and talked to my mother the whole time we were out hunting and stuff , but , Yeah . She 'll definitely , uh , she 'll make the trip for fishing -- Yeah . -- if that comes along , but , uh -- All right . -- it 's , it 's interesting , Yeah , and it 's , you know , it 's a game that you do n't , like bowling , you know , you feel bad if you bowl a hundred . But if you shoot a hundred in golf , you know , you do n't have to be an expert to play , That 's right . Any novice can pick up a club and learn how to hold one and learn how to do it and do it right . Uh-huh . So , you know , you do n't have to be an expert in any aspect of it at all . That 's right , well , yeah , I 've , I 've kind of formed the attitude that , you know , if I could just , if I could pick two or three shots out , uh , out of my game every time and put them together on one hole , then I do pretty good -- Yeah . -- and then , and I keep , I keep rationalizing that well , you know , I can do it , I just got to do it all at th- , on the same hole , and , and then it will get better , and you just keep going , and in the meantime , just enjoy what you 're doing . Yeah . It , it , it really works that way . And when , you know when I first got back into it , I used to get mad because I knew I could do something and I did n't get it done . Uh-huh . You know , and I just , well , I need to slice this ball around here , I naturally slice anyway , now you know , the ball will go straight and I go Yeah . but , you know -- Yeah . -- I 'd get upset about it sometimes , and now I guess , you know , being in my forties , I just kind of mellowed out a little bit . Sure . I do n't get upset any more . So , and , Sure . And well , that 's great . Well , I 've enjoyed talking to you . Well , you bet . I guess I 'll go back to work . Okay , sounds like it . All right . See you later MUMBLEx . Okay . Bye-bye . Bye . 