I think they definitely have more problems that , uh , in , in the area . What , what do you think can prevent crime ? Well , the thing is , I do n't , it 's one of those things where , if you 're a grad student you can appreciate the statistics on -- Uh-huh . -- Unfortunately there are often these correlations that are inverse of what they should be like , uh , wherever there are more , uh , criminals , there are more policemen -- Yeah . -- but that 's which came first . Yeah . But , on the other side of it is it 's , it 's basically the , the problem is within the , in the society -- Uh-huh . -- and the society 's views and , well , uh , since now I 'm in my mid-forties , when I was in grad school or when I was an undergraduate growing up in a more rural area -- Uh-huh . -- I thought , you know , crime was , was reasonably unknown -- Yeah . -- and just the situation that 's developed with the , the drug -- Yeah , -- aspect of , uh -- Uh-huh . -- uh , the pushers , the dealers and the addicts , uh , Yeah , I , I , I think , I agree with you there . Because it just was not , uh , something back in the sixties that -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I even had to worry about . But I think , you know , that there is a lot in the society where things have changed , uh , so it 's effected all of us . Uh-huh . Yeah , I think they , the drug culture definitely has , uh , is one of the main problems . Yeah , Uh-huh . Because it would eliminate the , uh , the violence and the , uh , the under- , the , the market , I guess , the , the hidden market of the drugs and everything that goes along with it . Uh-huh . That make sense ? He 's one of the big proponents of that . He gets on national television and , and says that , you know . So it 's , uh , and he was a d- , d- , a District Attorney before , and a prosecutor before becoming , becoming mayor . So that 's a really stran , you know , it 's a different viewpoint . I , uh , You know , in a sense I do n't , I 'm n- , I have real mixed feelings on that -- Yeah . -- because it comes a bit from the angle that the , uh , uh , it would certainly be an interesting test -- Uh-huh . -- but the other side of it , to me , What happens if we lose worse . Uh , y- , well , the other side is that unfortunately some of the down side , and I think if I look back fifty or a hundred years I 'd say , you know , back then there were the opium dens -- Right . -- but the thing is , if somebody ruined their life , uh , society did n't try to then save themselves from it , they let this person who had ruined it -- Uh-huh . -- uh , become , well , die or whatever . I mean -- Right , yeah . -- they probably became weakened physically and other things to the point that their life expectancy was real short , but now we tend to believe somewhere in the health care system otherwise , we need to take care of people even if they have , you know , physically ruined themselves . Yeah , they have induced it themselves . Yeah -- Yeah , 