I know when my friend 's mother-in-law first went in , I mean , very antisocial . Maybe it takes a while for them to say , okay , well I 'll be with other people but , Adapt . Yeah , I do n't understand -- Yeah . -- that , they , they do n't want to be with anybody else . I , as I think I mentioned , I was in the trust business and I 've seen so many elderly people . Usually there has to be some wealth involved , which is great , if , if you 're financially , if , if you do n't make the decisions so late that you 're worried about money but -- Uh-huh . -- the , the places like Presbyterian Village and some of the , the retirement places where , where they have different levels of care seems to be so much better , as far as elderly people adapting . They 're able to move in while they 're still independent -- Uh-huh . -- and still social and , and they do group things . And then if health or , or mental capacity deteriorates , they 're able to take the next steps without so much change and oh , I wish everybody could go that direction rather than just all of a sudden moving out of the home they 've always been in . It 's really kind of difficult . Yeah , I have a , um , my aunt 's mother is , uh , gotten ill recently and , uh , she lives in Pennsylvania , they live in Alabama . And they 're saying , hey , we need you to be closer and -- Yeah . -- you have , women like that , I do n't to men , it seems like the women out just out live their husbands , but , very reluctantly , that -- Uh-huh . -- whole , I mean they do n't get out of the house , they do n't socialize but it 's my home and I do n't want to leave it . Well and it 's the first step in , in actually accepting that you are failing and , and aging . Uh . You know once you make that step you know that it 's just going to be downhill from then on and , and I 've seen people really fight it that desperately needed -- Um . -- to make the change . They , they became , in fact , that 's probably what 's going to happen with my husband 's mother . She 's going to endanger herself before she 'll willingly and probably will never willingly make the decision . And that scares me the , the thought of forcing somebody to do something . But it 's , it 's so lonely , you know they ca n't get out and see anyone and -- Yeah . -- I mean , it 's hard for , for someone like me to understand that because I th , I think , what do you have there ? It 's a house , Uh-huh . it 's walls and it 's furniture but -- Not as independence . -- there 's nobody there . Do n't you want to be close to me ? . 