uh-huh . you know , and spoil them , first one , you know how that is . And , um , uh , I play the guitar and a banjo . I mainly play the guitar a lot , I play about every night . And , um , I really love that , if I had a druther , if I could have , if I could make it on the road , I 'd like to play on like a bluegrass band or something , because that 's , I 've , Oh , that sounds nice . I like bluegrass , too . yeah , I 've done it before and when I was in hi , in high school and college , Uh-huh . and thoroughly enjoyed it , and it 's really a , a blast . My wife hates it , but that 's the way life is , I guess . That 's the hard part , right ? Exactly . If you can do things together , that really helps a lot . MUMBLEx yeah , we , uh , she 's , uh , into aerobics , and , uh , Oh , that 's good , too . and we did aerobics together for about a month and a half and that went over real well , Uh-huh . but , uh , that 's about it there . Oh , it 's good and it 's healthy , too . Oh , yeah , yeah . We do that too , we have a , uh , a treadmill and , uh , a bicycle and that kind of stuff , we try to get twenty minutes like at least three for four times a week , you know . Oh , that 's great . Yeah . That 's great . And we like movies , that ki- , yeah . Yeah , that 's , uh , spare time , with a child it 's , kind of stra , she 's , we have , uh , we 're looking for a baby-sitter so we 've been out twice in o- , in this year so far . Uh-huh . By ourselves without the child so it 's kind of , uh , become an issue you could say . Sure . Um , hobbies , I like , messing around in your house building things , and , you know , Oh yeah , that 's great , too . putting cabinets up , and , Uh-huh . those kind of things , um , Yeah , we did some remodeling when we bought a house , we built , put a kitchen in and , um , that kind of stuff , and painting and some wallpapering , that 's fun . It 's really kind of fun . It is . It really is . Especially if your spouse will get in there with you and get dirty , yeah . Yeah , exactly . I like things that , you know , two people can do , but I like the quiet of doing things away , you know , kind of gives you some space for yourself , and that 's what I find in making the dolls and things , that it gives me something that I can create , and I like to crochet and knit . I made some afghans and that kind of stuff . I like doing things with my hands . Uh-huh . Sounds like it . Yeah . Do you like to cook ? Yes , I love to cook . Yeah , I love to cook , too , I 'm , uh , Italian food . Oh , really ? Yeah , pizzas and spaghettis and lasagnas and that kind of stuff . Well , we 're all skinny farts so , I , 