right , that 's fine . Anyway . But , uh , I really , I really enjoy the car I have now , and I do want to hold onto it and , and you know , enjoy it while it 's not having any mechanical problems whatsoever , That 's right . in fact it never has -- That 's right . -- and , uh , it 's been kind of nice , and I , surprisingly enough after four years , I 'm not tired of the car at all and -- Well . -- I want to hang on to it while it 's still being a good car and while I 'm not tired of it and while I 'm single -- Yeah . -- and can handle a two seater for now -- That 's right . -- and get that out of my system . That 's right . Because one of these days I 'll be getting a six seater probably too . Eventually . So , Yeah , the first two cars I ever bought , well , uh , uh , I 've bought three cars , and I 've always bought them new . Uh-huh . The first car I kept for thirteen and a half years -- Wow . -- and got a hundred and sixty-one thousand out of it . Uh-huh . The second car I ever bought I drive to work now . That just turned ten years old , and I 've got a hundred and twenty-two thousand miles on that . Uh-huh . So that , that 's kind of in the way I 've done things is to get things that are new and then keep them forever . Uh-huh . But , uh , my car is using two quarts of oil a week now . Oh my gosh . About , about a quart every hundred miles . Oh , no . So , but , uh , it runs fine , all you hav , it 's just very thirsty . Yeah . If I just keep the oil in , it seems to be okay . But , you know , that 's a sign that I 'm going to have to do something sooner or later . Right . What kind of car is it ? It 's a , a Buick Century . Uh-huh . Are you going to trade it in on this new one or , No , my fiance is selling , uh , a nineteen seventy-eight Cutlass Supreme that she has . It 's actually , Okay . in better condition than my car . Uh-huh . And so she 's going to get some money for that and take some money from the bank and then try to make as much down payment as possible -- Uh-huh . -- to keep the monthly payment low . So she 's going to sell it rather than trade it in . Yeah . That 's probably the best thing . You lose four to six hundred dollars a trade in . Or maybe more than that , as I 've learned . Oh really . Yeah . When I bought my R X seven , I , uh , best offer I got for my other car was twenty-five hundred . Well I turned around and sold it myself for forty-two hundred . So , Oh there you go . You can do much better . I 'm glad you 're , you 're taking care of it yourself . I , I think trading it in , they just use that as additional , they may give you supposedly a better deal on your new car you 're buying , but they just , are going to give you that much less for your trade in . Well that 's fact . 