Oh , you mean she taught in a prison ? Yes . Oh . In a -- I see . -- in a maximum security prison down in central Virginia . uh . And , the problem she had was not with the inmates at all . The , the people that she had the most problems with were the people that ran the prison . I mean , Yeah , the b- , the bureaucracy . It was , it was , I mean , they , they put her , I mean , I did n't , obviously I did n't see the classroom , uh , and , hopefully never will , but , uh -- -- they , they put her at the end of a hallway , there were no other classes going on at the time and they refused to let her wear a body al- , a body alarm . Uh . Which , and I do n't know exactly what that is , but I just assume it was something that she could hit immediately and , and really annoy a lot of people . Yeah . But , uh , you know MUMBLEx , So she did n't feel safe . No , she did n't . She did n't , she , she felt fine for the first year when she had her first set of inmates , and then later on the , uh , the administration kept getting worse , and , uh , she got a couple of inmates that she was n't , she did n't feel quite as comfortable around . Yeah . But , well , she had decided that it was , when we came back to the States , she decided that it was too , she did n't feel that public schools were s , were safe , so next thing you know she 's teaching in a maximum security prison . Yeah , right . But , uh , Well , at least it 's maximum security , right . Yeah . But , but the point that was , that it , you know , you said that perhaps , uh , people have given up the thought that rehabilitation 's possible and , and I 'm , I 'm thinking that it 's even to the point that the people in , that run the system have given up on it . Uh , well , I , I think the people that run , yeah , that run the system are the most hardened and probably the most cynical , you know . Uh . I mean , I , uh , you know , I , I talked to a few people who worked in prisons and stuff and it 's , uh , you can get pretty hardened , I 'm sure . But getting , I mean , well , see , I always have problems because , because I can never decide whether or not I 'm , I 'm supposed to be a conservative or , or a liberal but , Yeah , right . But I keep , Those are funny labels , see . I keep thinking that there 's got to be some way , that , that a lot of this is circumstances . I mean , I ca n't help but wonder if , if I grew up without a father , on the streets , and -- Oh , yeah . -- with like little or no money , would n't -- 