Right , do this anymore . it requires a lot of effort to , to , Right , right . to do that sort of thing . I mean , I , I used to enjoy going , I mean I still do kind of enjoy it , but , uh , it 's , it does not , it 's not as many people there that I really , really enjoy seeing . Right , right . You know , I , it 's going just for the sake of getting together , I think for the family . And , Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that 's in that group ? Uh , On a regular basis , not just Christmas cards . Um , um , no , not really . Tha- , in that , but , then again , uh , well , I , you know , I have some aunts that , uh , I , I , I do . That 's about th- , my mother 's sisters , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you know , but I feel closer to them , because I kind of grew up with them . But , Right . But , uh , as , you know , for the rest of that group , no not really . Uh , you know , and , and generally when I was growing up a lot of those people , the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion , so , uh -- Right , right . -- you do not really feel that that really close to them . Right . In my , my , uh , father 's family , we get together every year at a different location , either Dallas or Oklahoma City . They had chosen Santa Barbara , California for this summer and , and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far , Uh-huh . because most of us live either in the midwest , or like in the Texas , Oklahoma area . And , uh , so they cancelled that one and , uh , are looking next year bringing it back closer , but we have a letter , a family letter , Uh-huh . that circulates , and it usually goes through me twice a year and what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that 's on the bottom and put the , your new letter on the top , and then that 's the way it 's kept in order . And then , about twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion , you do not feel like , I do not know anything about this person . You have , That 's a good idea . read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth . 