Oh . let 's take him home . Yes . You know , and then the first weekend we had him we had , we were in a apartment , in a two bedroom apartment , Uh-huh . and my husband went out of town , and left me with , with the brand new puppy , Oh , fun . and I had to work twelve hours that day , Oh , no . and so , I left the dog locked in the bedroom and I put paper all over the floor . Well , when I came home , I opened the door and there were chunks of carpet , Oh . padding everything , Oh , no . all over the place and he had tried to dig his way out from underneath the door , Oh , no . I guess you did n't get your deposit back , did you ? Well , I had the carpet fixed , Oh , good . um , I , yeah , I did n't even tell the apartment manager , Oh , okay . who got it . Oh , no . Bless your heart . But that , that was my first real experience with , with a puppy when , when we had our family dog growing up I was eleven or twelve , I think , when we first got him , Uh-huh . and I was n't really involved in the , the paper training , Sure . Yeah . and , you know , teaching him commands and stuff so , this was , and to me , a whole new experience . Yes it is . Only it was n't like cats at all . No , no . I wish it was . I wish they were in that instinct . But they do n't . So , Our only problem with our Schnauzer , she 's an indoor dog , Uh-huh . most of the time , and , uh , we found , she 's right at a year and we finally got her , you know , house trained and everything , uh , her only problem is trash . If you do not pick the trash up , you know , the container , Uh-huh . and put it on a table or chair or something , she 'll knock it over , I do n't care how fu , full she is , so , it 's not like she 's hungry , it 's just she wants to get into trouble . My cats do that it . If I through anything away that 's any kind of meat or anything , Uh-huh . like that , anything that , that they think is good , they 'll get into the trash , Yeah . and then it does n't matter where you put it and where you hide it , Yeah . and how , how tight you have the lid down on it , they 'll get into it . I 've come home many a days from work to find trash all over the kitchen floor . Oh , I hate that . And the cat 's just looking at me like , sorry . Yeah , you should n't have left it there . I could n't help myself . I just hate that when she does that , I just , oh , and she knows it 's wrong , you 'll walk in the door and she 'll cower and go hide under the table . Uh-huh . So , you , she knows she does wrong . But she , uh , she continues to do it , so . Yeah , the problem that we 're having with our puppy right now he 's not MUMBLEx he 's actually not really a puppy anymore 