Bang , bang . That 's , that 's , that threw our budget really out of whack too . An we , um , have been just forced to budget much more because I quit working to be home with the kids . And , um , we just really have , uh , I do n't know , we , we 've tried different times , we 've done like a survey of like taking , you know , the past three months of where all the money went . Uh-huh . And we really do n't spend on anything much of a luxury or anything at all , but it seems like there 's , um , times when we just have to get out where we 'll go and like get a baby-sitter and we 'll go and we 'll blow , you know , fifty , sixty dollars in one night going out to eat , going to a show or doing something , you know . Well , I think that 's important for your budget to be realis , for it to work though , you have to do something . Yeah , that 's the hard part because when we sit down to make it , we try to make it real spartan and real narrow so we can put a certain amount in savings every week and then it 's not really that realistic because we do find that we want to go and do something or splurge for , you know , birthday for somebody or , you know , even we , we even do things real frugally for the kids , we get a lot of toys and clothes and stuff at garage sales or from friends because they do n't know the difference at this age , you know , whether they 're JORDACHE new or whether they 're , Of course not . you know , something and they 're both boys so they just MUMBLEx one year after the other in each other 's clothes , so . But , um , that 's the hardest part for us is that it 's really , um , you know , budgeting and some extra things , you know , for- , that are more , you know , nonessential items . Well , I found , uh , that , in the place that it was harder for me to stick to a budget was not where we were concerned , Uh-huh . but where maybe our friends were concerned and our relatives and parents . Uh , we , we tended to want to keep on giving lavish , Yeah . gifts as , Yeah . we had done before . Uh-huh . And I really believe that if you 're going to cut down on yourself , you need to cut down somewhat on your friends . On your friends , that 's true , that 's true . Well , we have so many unexpected things come up so often it seems with , we both have older cars and something will come up and wind up having to spend a thousand dollars , you know , on the car in two months or something , Yes . and , you know , a lot of things like that that really ar , are hard to plan for . And , uh , Well , I really do , I think you have to budget those things though . Yeah , kind of put in a certain amount per year , Yes . you 're going to have on extra expenses for car . Exactly , 