Well , let 's see . So what , As far as I 'm , So what gets you ? Well , the thing I think that annoys me the most is , I have , I have young children , a baby in the house and , and inevitably as soon as they 're asleep , someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something . Uh-huh . And I think that , that is probably the most aggravating . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , it invades my time . I 'm the one that pays for the phone . Uh , if I want to buy something , I 'll take the initiative and , and go find it , you know . And that just really does aggravate me . Uh , what do you think ? Well , I mean I , that 's exactly the kind of thing I would have said . Although in my case it 's my wife and I both work , we come home and just as we 're preparing dinner or eating dinner -- -- the phone rings and it 's one solicitation call after another and , you know . Your time is , is -- Yeah , it 's , it 's -- -- valuable , and , -- like you say , very annoying and , uh , why , why do we let this happen . Oh , I , that 's , that 's interesting . I the , the market seems to just be growing , too . I , I guess enough people are not speaking out . I 'm not speaking out , that 's for sure . I just get aggravated about it . And , Would , would you , I mean if you could legislate something , what would you legislate ? I really do n't know . I 'm , I 'm not into , uh , heavy government legislate- , legislating of a lot of different areas , but I , I do n't know . I just , I do particularly find it annoying . Uh , I 'm really not sure . Yeah . -- to be , It , it seems , it seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we do n't want to receive calls like that . Well , that , yeah , that might , And the people making these calls would be obliged to c , compare -- Identify themselves , yeah . -- the , their lists -- Right . -- that they 're going to call against this list of people who do n't want to be called . Well , that would be a good -- Uh , -- an interesting way , yeah . And , that , that way , those who want it can have it and those who do n't want it , do n't have to have it . 