Hispanics were precluded by , Oh . by , uh , voting laws , uh , from reg , from their eligibility to register . Now everybody is available . Oh . So , if you really computed it , they probably when we said we had a seventy percent turnout in nineteen fifty , we really only had a fifty percent turnout because all the eligible -- Oh , I see , because , right . -- voters -- Were n't qual- , -- you know , the- , it was skewed -- dis , were disqualified . -- by the eligible voters being less than the total population of ... But is n't that , is n't that kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just do n't vote ? Or is that just the , the truth ? No , I think the high- , there 's a higher percentage in , in certain black areas of voters . I do n't know about Hispanics , you know . I just , Yeah . I , I mean I have n't studied the statistics well enough to , I mean , I think in this sort of -- Well ... -- conversation we can only do our own reaction . Right , right . But you know that just made me think of something that happened down here in Dallas last year . They have this huge fight going over redistricting here . Uh-huh . And at one point they di- , they took another vote on it , and they , uh , the minorities could not get enough of a vote out to , to pass their plan . And this is something that had been going on for months . It was on the news every night . They , and they have had lawsuits over it . I mean , it was r- , it was a major issue , and there still was n't enough minority vote to get , to pass the plan that they were backing . So that 's , y- , you know , I think that you have really hit on something there . Wa- , to say that , uh , those ... What do you mean ? Well , with the minorities and we are saying we have lower voter turnout . Maybe it is , is , uh , now that we have minorities included in the ... You know , Karen , I wonder if we are recording . Why , did you not press one ? I did press one , but usually by this time they tell me that the time is up . 