and he 's never , I mean , he 's , he 's gotten out , but he 's always been right there . He 's never been gone for , at all -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- you know , he 's just always been right there when he gets out . Oh . You know , it 's the first time he 's ever been gone like this . Oh , that 's really too bad , that 's awful , well , Uh , I , I just knew today , uh , you know , that we looked at the pound , and that we just went all over the place , and I knew we were going to find him , you know , and when we did n't it was , like , oh , no , . So I do n't know . Well , I , I 'll , I hope you 'll find him . You most likely will . Yeah , we keep , you know , they told us like at the Humane Society and the adoption center , you know , do n't give up hope , you know , Well , have you put any posters up or anything like that ? We were talking about that tonight since , you know , he , we just , he just got out yesterday we were just talking about that whether we , we were trying to find some pictures of him recently . We 've got so many when he was a puppy , Uh-huh , yeah . you know , but we just do n't have a whole lot . We have him on film , you know , on the video camera . Uh-huh , uh-huh , yeah . You know , but you ca n't put that on the , No , you sure ca n't . you know , so , Oh , dear . So , I do n't know , I , we will probably will put some things up . Some posters and stuff up . Well , that 's good . And hopefully that will help , you know , maybe around the neighborhood . But , we know a lot of people that live in this neighborhood , so that helps , too , you know , if they can keep , They can keep their eyes open , yeah . yeah , so , . That will help . Well , I think that if somebody else picks him up , I think that , uh , if he gets out he 'll come back . Yeah . You know . I really do , because he knows exactly where he lives , so , Yeah , yeah he will . I bet he does . I know , that it 's hard on you . I know that I 'd be worried , too . I know . It 's just like , it 's , it 's just so ironic that this would happen and I would get this , this kind of a call . Yeah , 