I have and they 're not too pleasant . It gets so humid . To me it 's humid here . People that I know that -- Oh , it is . -- come from , uh , like Georgia or -- It 's not as -- -- North Carolina , -- humid . Yeah , they say , it 's , As Houston , say , or Atlanta , but it , Yeah . But -- But I find it , -- more humid than Arizona and California for the most part . Right . Were you northern California ? I was central California . Central . Central valley . It 's very dry there . Yeah . Yeah . Well , it 's pretty hot in the summer . It 's in the usually , you know , for a good three , four weeks we have over a hundred degrees . But it 's a drier , But it 's a dry heat , yeah . Hundred , when you have a hundred here , everybody 's dying . Uh-huh , yeah , I know . Well , I lived in Africa for a couple years in -- Oh . -- Cameroon and that 's a tropical climate and it really feels similar to this -- What types of , -- during the summer . What type , what type of business takes you to those climates or was that just vacation or something ? No , I was , uh , working with , uh , I still work with Wycliff Bible Translators . Oh . It 's an organization where we are looking to translate the BIBLE into languages of the world that are n't yet written . Not so much still trying to translate old texts as just trying to translate modern versions into other languages . Right , languages that do n't have anything written yet . So this is like the first thing that 's written down or -- Oh . -- you know , first an alphabet is developed and then , uh , That 's interesting . So , You do n't think about that as a career , a normal career , uh , when -- Yeah . -- you 're thinking of things that people might be doing . Yeah , well , it 's based here , uh , the international headquarters for Wycliff Bible Translators is right here in , in Dallas . So you 're , you 're with the home office now . Yeah , right now I am . That 's what brought me here , yeah . Well , the , uh , I think , uh , all in all there are a lot worse climates than Dallas , uh , the weather -- Yeah . -- you know , does change fast and things do happen severely a few times a year , but there 's an awful lot of good weather , too , in -- Yeah -- -- between . -- I agree , I agree . I , I thought the fall was really nice . Yeah , and usually a lot of the spring months are really nice , too . Uh-huh . After the last freeze and , and when it begins to be in the sixties and seventies most of the time , uh , I -- Yeah . -- like that . Uh-huh . 