I live wi- , on the border . Oh , well that 's that bad then . Half an hour , we do that just going to downtown Dallas . That 's right . So , See we live up in tax free New Hampshire and drive down to Massachusetts to work . That makes a lot of sense . But , um , we , are you a native of that part of the country ? Yeah , I grew up in New Hampshire . It seems , southern town , it 's called Portsmouth . It 's , I do n't know , fifteen minutes from the Mass- , border and five minutes from the main border . We live right in the corner . Oh . That one little spot in New Hampshire , we have ten miles of coastline , I live on one of tho- , that little ten mile spot . Uh , sounds wonderful . Did you have damage this year with hurricanes ? Not up , um , where I live but further down the coast in Massachusetts they got hit pretty bad . I happened to be in Nassau and we got the backlash of that thing . And they had record high waves , thirty year high waves come in there , and it was quite an experience so . Well , what movies are you looking forward to seeing now ? Um , well , I 'm , I 'm only twenty-seven years old so THE DOORS movie , that 's out on video . I want to watch that . Okay . Have you seen GREEN CARD ? That would be pretty good . No , I have n't seen that one . That 's a real warm movie . It , it really just turned out nicely . So I would recommend that if you have a chance . I 'm in for it . We rent a lot of movies so we , we often sit around and say , what movies should we rent ? And we do n't know . Well if you , if you can get GREEN CARD , go for it . All right , we 'll try that one . I have been working at , uh , as an accountant at the medical school here in Dallas and I have watched , uh , GROSS ANATOMY . Have you seen that one ? Yeah , I did . Okay . And I do n't know I can associate with some of the people in that movie because of the young students I see over at the medical school . But I hope you have a very Merry Christmas . You too . I 'm looking forward to it . I think we 're going to have a white Christmas up here just like the song says . Well , 