MUMBLEx music do you like ? Uh , lots of different kinds I guess . Uh , I like country music , of course -- Uh-huh . -- Texas and I listen to Christian music a lot because there 's a Christian music station here in in our city . So I listen to it quite a bit . Uh-huh . So , I am more into rock and roll myself . Uh-huh . And I listen cause on Friday nights they have the , uh , they have what they call Saturday Night Alive or they have on Saturday night , Friday night and Saturday night -- Uh-huh . -- and they have Christian rock and roll . So -- -- you know , they have that type of music , but they just have different words -- -- so , I listen to that too . Do you like any bluegrass ? Uh , no . Not really , huh-uh . Oh . And I like -- Well , at least your , -- I like rap music . Do you like rap music ? Not really . Not really . Well , I can tell we 're , we 're together here . Yeah . Okay . Uh . Um . Uh , we 'll have to , uh -- What kind of -- -- I have a lot of friends that like country music . -- What kind of rock music do you listen to ? Do you listen to like that really heavy metal stuff or , No , I 'm more into , uh , older rock , like the psychedelic era , like , uh -- Seventies and like that stuff . -- Se- late sixties , seventies , uh -- Uh-huh . -- Greatful Dead , Crosby , Stills and Nash . Yeah , I have friends that like that . What ? Yeah . So you have never heard of like the Christian music that I listen to probably . Oh , I 've heard a little bit of it . I 've just , Like have you heard of , uh , of Carmen ? Have you ever heard of Kim ? Uh , now I 've heard of Striper . So the only one I can -- Striper , they 're the really heavy , yeah -- -- Uh-huh . -- like the heavy metal stuff -- Uh-huh . -- I guess . Uh , the first of Amy Grant before -- Yeah . -- was , you know , became more mainstream , top forty . Yeah . Cause she , she plays both secular and Christian so , Uh-huh . Yeah , I like her too . Uh , I have been to a concert a couple of times of hers . I 've never actually seen her in concert . 