Uh , what i , what is your practice as far as budgeting ? Do you manage the money ? Well , I , we talk about it , but I 'm usually the one that sits down and puts the pencil to the paper and , and tries to somehow make the ends meet , which , uh , Oh , I see . That 's how kind of I am , too . Are you married ? Um , yes . You are . Yes . I think the women for the most part end up managing the money . My husband always says he earns it , and I have to spend only what he earns . It , I do n't mind the spending , it 's just that trying to , trying to get what you need out of , out of what you have . That seems to be our challenge . Well , I do n't work outside of the home , and he always threatens that when I spend more than , what 's coming in , I have to go back to work -- I see . -- so I , I manage it . Well , I 'm , I 'm at home also , so , it does get rather interesting trying to survive on one salary , uh , Now , do you actually follow a budget ? Well , we pretty well do . Um , several years we did n't , and we found that we just were n't making the most of what we had , and so we , we , um , set aside a certain amount each week that goes for things that have to be paid for , you know , just our bills . And then what 's left we divvy up . We try to save a little bit , although we 're not always successful , and then the rest of it just goes for normal weekly needs . Well , that 's pretty much the way we do , um , or we did in the past , I would say . Uh , at this point our children are grown , and so I really do n't have the obligations there any more -- Yeah . -- that we have to balance to -- Right . -- you know , get things together for them , and I really just keep very good records , and most of our expenses are fairly the same every month with the exception of utilities and things like that , and -- Right . -- I try to keep my MasterCards and things paid currently -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I do n't always succeed at that . I usually keep one with a low interest rate , 