well . My , my mother has one that 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , teacup and , uh , it 's made such a difference for her . But , you know , just , I , e- , e- , you know , the way my mom 's presence countenance is , just , just for having a puppy but , you know , having this dog she 's had it for , I guess three years now . Uh-huh . Oh , possibly four . But , uh , it was , it , it 's it 's really made such a difference for her . I really would like to , uh , I 'm a disabled person -- Uh-huh . -- so I 'm unable to , to , really take care of a pet and if that were n't so , I would certainly have one . I just , I just , it frustrates me sometimes not being able to have a dog yeah . Huh . Well , you might want to get yourself , uh , an animal that does n't require much attention . Like a cat . Oh , yeah . Well , yeah , uh , I , I , I typically am not a cat person . I have a friend that , uh , has on occasion , uh brought her cat over for me to keep for , you know , from time to time . And this cat is like no other cat I have ever seen . And , uh , it would sleep on my chest , you know . Yeah . It 's just , it 's just a great cat , but . Well , my , my personal preference is , is a dog . Uh , I do n't know that , uh , that I would ever want a cat . Oh , I like cats . I just would n't want to own one . Uh -- Well , you do n't own cats . -- they 're not , uh , they 're , they 're affectionate but they , yeah I do n't know , I ca n't seem to communicate with a cat like I can with my dog . Yeah . You , they , they own you -- Yeah , right . -- or , or , you know , grant you with you their presence , you know . Yeah . Right . That , yes , we 're supposed to appreciate them . Well , my , my dog when I came home , uh , when I come home in the evenings , my dog greets me at the door . I do n't know that a cat would do that , uh . Yeah . I used to have , a cat that could read me better than any human being in my life . Yeah . I could just walk in the door and she knew whether to , to , to quietly come up to me or to just run and knock me over . I mean she really could pick up on my mood -- Yeah , yeah . -- uh , the way I walked in the door . It was , uh , uncanny . Huh . I , I think , uh , in a way we 're able to read each other pretty well because , uh , she knows when I 'm upset and I know when she 's not feeling good too . So . Yeah . I know like when she has an accident , I know she 's not doing it on purpose . When -- Yeah . -- when she was younger , she used to do that to get even with me , Uh , and , and , you know , some people might not believe that but , but , but , uh , I do . Sure . Oh , absolutely . Like if I , if I put her in a room all by herself and close the door and leave her there for a few hours , uh , because I was going out . She would , uh , break something or rip up the carpet or do something just to , uh , to , to let me know that she was unhappy with what I did . Really ? Yeah . That 's the way , well , I had that cat that I mentioned , Alfie . One morning , you know , the first thing you do is you get up and you , you , you feed this cat some- , something and , and you make sure that it can get to its litter box . Well , -- 