Yeah , they just raised our taxes up here about a year ago . Well , they 've , uh , statewide raises , they raise ours it seems like constantly . We just , uh , passed a new one , uh , fortunately or unfortunately it does n't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines . Oh , right Indianapolis got that , did n't they ? Right . And , uh , we had passed a , a provisional one that if , if it did , if they did locate here we would raise our taxes . But , uh , at least we thought we 'd get something back from that . Yeah . Uh , how do you feel about taxes ? Well , it seems like a big politics game like up here , last year , the governor was up for re-election so he said the budget was fine , the state did n't have any money and then right after he won the election he said we owed a lot of money so they raised all our taxes . And now it 's election time again so they 're trying to lower them . Oh . So they 're just talk about lowering them but they never do , they just keep raising them . I 've never seen taxes really go down . Yeah , me neither . Well , actually they 're going to here because they did n't have a budget for so long so they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year and they 're going to lower it for next year . Oh . I guess they figure they 're going to make up for all they did n't get when they should have had a budget . I hope they put that in writing . Yeah , yeah , they say they 're going to lower , but I 'll see . I feel like the middle class people are supporting the nation and , uh , that the rich are not paying their share and of course the poor ca n't afford it either , but , uh , I really feel like and , and I feel like , you know , I 'm a middle class person income wise anyway and , uh , I get tired of supporting the whole country . Yeah , so do I . I mean , I 'm a , a middle class barely , but , uh , I do n't think the rich are paying mo- , less , not enough , I think they 're paying too much . You think the rich are paying too much ? Yeah , I mean if you 're in the , the three , three percent bracket and they take a third of your check every month , well , that 's ridiculous . 