-- liter bottles , et cetera , et cetera . We 've progressed a little bit farther than that . Yeah . Um , actually they have , uh , parts of town , it may have even spread all over the whole town , and , um , they will have these green bins -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's just as standard as a , a regular trash can that they come by and pick up and dump . Yeah . And , uh , just along with a trash can you have this , this green plastic bin , and you put your bottles in it and paper and , uh , you know , all those things that wh- , aluminum . You know , anything that can be recycled you just put in that bin . Oh . And , uh , I guess you can al- , and a lot of the restaurants -- Yeah . -- they just have , uh , places where you can throw away , especially beer places , where you can throw away green bottles , Huh . and then the brown bottles . And , uh , oh , I do n't know , I guess they 're , you know , clear bottles . Yeah . So , um , you know a lot of people do have those separated . And , of course , they have the , um , dumpsters , uh , the , the igloos . Yeah . Uh , and they have those strateg- , strategically placed around the city . Oh . And , uh , they 're , they 're actually going to extend it , I think , one of these days maybe to apartment complexes and , uh , Oh , that would be good . Yeah , things of that nature . So , I guess when you live in a bigger city it , it really becomes , uh , Yeah , see , necessary . it 's not anywhere near that . Uh , we , you know , as far as our little pitch in to it we do recycle our aluminum cans . Oh , yeah . But that 's as far as we go because I take them to a girl at work , and she goes and cashes them in because , you know , I just -- Uh-huh . -- I can do that for her and -- Yeah . -- and I do n't want the hassle because we have to go to another town to do it . Oh , really ? Yeah , Huh . see we do n't have anything here in Belton . It 's , it 's a pretty small little town . Yeah , I remember my grandparents and I used to always get out there on the road and pick up beer cans . Yeah . And , uh , 