to get elected , and then once they do get elected , they do n't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised , you know , beforehand . Right . You know , maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place , you know , like the no new taxes thing . You know , that 's , uh , with the economy going the way it is and everything , that was nearly ridiculous -- Yeah . -- thing to , even try to do . Yeah . Well , I do n't think he 's going to have to worry about that next year . I think he can probably raise taxes and still get elected . Right . Uh , Right , after the war . Uh-huh . That really , uh , Unfortunately that will probably even drop lower , the voters turndown , MUMBLEx even more because more Democrats will think that they do n't have a shot so they wo n't even bother turning out . Uh , that 's true , yeah . They 'll just say , oh , well , you know , the Republicans have this election we 'll see you in four years . Right . Yeah . MUMBLEx hope some of the local , well that 's what they , they keep saying that it seems like people with old-fashioned values are the ones that are n't turning out at the , at the booths , they , they say that these older voters that , uh , you know , they , they feel like the kids are running the , the country so they , they do n't come out , turn out to vote and they 're the ones that , uh , you know , really know what 's going on , have the experience and seen , you know , how politicians can , you know , screwup or what ever . Uh-huh . But , I know , my grandmother has n't voted in years . Right , that 's , you know , neither has mine as a matter of fact . And , uh , , that 's true , they , I think they look at it as , well everybody , the majority of the people think this way , when that 's not necessarily true , because , you know , that 's what the media says . Well , the majority believes this way so , uh , they do n't even bother turning out to vote to express their , uh , opinions . So that 's , that 's true . Yeah , wonder if they 're going to take into account MUMBLEx this computerized conversation that there 's little children , you know , bouncing in your knee , the whole time you 're talking . Yeah . Do you hear the dogs in the background here ? No , I ca n't hear them . 