Okay , this topic is , is Russia a threat to our security ? I think they are more of a threat to their own people at this day and time . how do you feel about it ? Well , they do have , uh , a major internal problem . Everybody wants to defect , and I can understand why . Um , I think their biggest problem is just , you know , obtaining food to live , so when you have the basic needs , uh , being unmet , I do n't think you think globally as far as , you know , being a threat to other people in the world . So , as soon as they get their , their own home country taken care of , then they 'll consider , what they can do with the rest of the world . I believe Communism is very much waning . It 's , uh , pretty much on the way out of the door , insofar as the strong hold that they used to have , and the Russian people are all realizing that the Communist system does not work to their satisfaction or their way of surviving in this world , and their rebellions right now is the result of that . If they can get the army , or the military to sway to their side , I think that , uh , it will be on the way out eventually . It 's just a matter of time , because , in the Baltic States they have already massacred so many people who protested , and that has n't set too well with their diplomacy for the , regarding the , uh , outcome of their affairs . What 's your synopsis ? . Well , I do , I do realize that , uh , uh , the Bush Administration is n't too happy with , with how they 're handling their internal , uh , strife , you know , as far as diplomacy is concerned . I think it 's been a good , a good positive direction for uh , the Soviets as far as Yeltsin is concerned . You know , he was , uh , allowed to , what , wh , in his , in the Congress they , they gave him more power as far as his republic in Russia is concerned , which is , gives him more power overall , which I think is a good sign that there will be some , you know , politically speaking , you know , he 's going to have more power , , and I think it 's a step in the right direction . I think Gorbachev realizes that he 's got a , a major uh , uh , power figure , you know , competing against him , and I think it 's going to be pretty close to his demise if he does n't follow suit with Yeltsin as far as , uh , realizing , well , he does realize it , you know , with the fact that they reduced the uh , or they , increased the prices on their food , food and goods . Uh-huh . Uh . I think that it went up a thousand percent on most , It , yeah . Tha- , that 's incredible but they had to , uh , go in the direction of a market driven economy , and , and they had to bite the bullet for that . So that 's a good move , on , on Gorbachev 's part in doing that . Uh-huh . So , but Gorbachev has still not fully convinced everyone that , he 's moving towards a two to three party system of government that , nor eliminating or diminishing the Communist power , and I guess that 's where Yeltsin steps in , so far as his politics of government goes , uh , but I do n't know how convinced the people are of him yet , myself . 