Uh-huh . -- or something pretty basic like that , just to the fact that I do n't know that it is a company 's business to regulate what its employees are doing when they 're not at work . I mean , during the eight hours , during the day , when they 're supposed to be there , I think they have every right to say this is , these behaviors are acceptable and these are not , but when it enters into what they 're doing when they 're not at work , I find that to be fairly offensive also . Yeah , well like you say , I mean , if it 's not a critical kind of job where someone could get hurt , then really what people ought to be doing , I mean , the , the employer ought to be judging you on how well you do your work -- Right . -- rather than on these other factors . Right . And , I mean , if you are doing drugs and it 's causing a problem , then they 'll notice it for other reasons . That 's exactly right . Yeah . And also I just think it , it gets a lot , I 'm a big , uh , supporter of personal freedoms and personal privacies , and I think that it just moves down along a line that , that I really would find bad if , if most people went down that line into regulating employees ' lives outside of work , you know , there 's already talk of people , well , we 're not going to hire you if you smoke . MUMBLEx . Well , you know , I , I can see how they can say in the work place we , you do n't want them to smoke , but when somebody leaves work , I do n't think that it 's the employer 's right to regulate their life style at all . Well , do you think it 's , should be illegal for an employer to do this or , Uh , I really think it should be , except as I 've mentioned twice now , in the specified industries -- Yeah . -- or , or jobs , because there are certain things where it 's just vital that a person is clear minded at all times . And other than that I think , I do not think it should be allowable . I think it should be illegal for them to , to want to do that . It should , it 's kind of the big brother syndrome , I mean , I just , anything like that just kind of scares me . I tend to , to view it , even though I do n't think I 'd work for a company that did that , I sort of want to defend an employer 's rights as opposed to an in- , uh , in addition to an individual 's rights , but an employer , really , I think , has the right to hire someone on any basis they want to -- Right . -- and if they say they do n't want smokers , I sort of feel like an employer should have the right to decide whether they want to allow that . Right . Uh , and I do n't really , 