I mean , this is , there , there are people that , that make it , have a thriving business , uh , that do nothing but heating and air conditioning on , on automobiles and trucks , and , uh , the only reason I did n't , uh , get into that more , when I was , had my little business , was because , uh , most of your , uh , air conditioning in , in , on vehicles tend to be greasy and dirty to the N-th degree -- Uh-huh . -- and I mean , so , uh , that 's why I stayed in , stayed more towar- , towards , uh , uh , and that 's a pollut- , polluting type deal too , is the excessive , um , you know , uh , petroleum products in your engine bay and so forth , and the dirt and grit and those two mixed together with , with water and , uh , really make , uh , make a mess . Um , yeah , yeah , I hate to see a car going down the street , or even a truck or bus for that matter , that 's putting out a lot of dark -- Uh-huh . -- smoke , and I know there 's a lot of pollutants we ca n't even see coming out of -- Right . -- cars , but that , that particular bothers me . Well , most , most , most of the time when you see bus , uh , you know , the busses with the diesel -- Uh-huh . -- that 's , uh , those are carbon particles , and carbon dioxide and water vapor , uh , because when you , when diesel is burned it 's it , you know diesel fuel is burned in a , in the diesel engine it 's burned so completely , that you do n't have any , uh , nitrous oxides , uh , or oxides of nitrogen , uh , to , uh , form -- Oh . -- because of , by virtue of the very combustion process of the diesel engine , because diesel oil is , uh , is not very volatile . Uh-huh . You know , where gasoline , if you leave a little pail of gasoline out before long it 's gone . Yeah . Diesel is going to be around , because it does n't evaporate easily , and it 's got , well , you know , its latent heat is high , but it 's slow burning at , at , uh , normal pressures . That 's why your diesel engines have such high compression ratios -- Oh , I see . -- as the , as the air is heated , you know , by virtue of the compression process to like one to nineteen or nineteen to one -- Uh-huh . -- ratio -- Uh-huh . -- and so if the car sucks in , uh , fifty degrees , 