It 's , um , it 's just as long as you want to . Oh . O- , I mean it 's just , uh , as long as you want to , and just , you know , a reasonable lengthy conversation . Uh , do you work for Texas Instruments ? No , I do not . I work for G T E . Oh , okay . And , I , uh , of course , was , I was sent a , uh , an application from , uh , from Jack . Uh-huh . I 've known Jack for some time . I 'm in the speech processing business , Oh , okay . and have been for a number of years , so I was very much interested , Yeah . in , in being a speaker for this . Well , actually , I , I work for Texas Instruments , and , uh , I 'm an a , I 'm an environmental engineer , Oh , I see . and , uh , they just published this internally , you know , getting people involved . Uh-huh . So , that , that 's really strange . I , I was wondering why we had somebody from Maryland though . I was saying , God , do we have a TI in Maryland or , I 'm sure you have a representative somewhere in the area . Uh-huh . If just nothing more than a business representative or government services representative , and , um , but I have , uh , I have been a speaker in other , uh , similar type of activities . Uh-huh . And , I know the reason why this is , why the , uh , this is being gathered and the program and so forth , so , I was interested as I said , I was interested in being a speaker . Uh-huh . We have n't talked much about the weather . Oh , well . I know that 's what we 're supposed to do . Yeah , yeah . Well , really it , uh , the letter just says , um , let 's see , I ca n't , I was looking at it , I was trying to find out speedy short cuts , and I always thought it 's not necessary to measure your time , just to go ahead and enjoy the conversation , and , and , end it when needed . So . Uh-huh . In environmental engineering , uh , Uh-huh . is that with regard to work place engineering , or just , you know , environm- , the work place environment or , Uh , well , it 's actually , um , waste water . Oh , I see . Taking , taking care of uh , I 'm actually in the air division , and we monitor , um , anything that comes out of a stack , or out of a building , or , um , we do have customers that , um , their concerns are in the work place and we take care of that , 