I think it should be by a jury . I do n't think the judge should have , I mean he 's just there kind of like the referee . Uh-huh , Uh-huh . Uh , I do n't , I do n't even think that it should be unanimous either . Uh , Well , what about the idea that one is only guilty , uh , when proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt ? I thought that was the point of , uh , a unanimous jury was the idea that if everyone agrees -- Uh-huh . -- then there should n't be any reasonable doubt . Right . But , if there are some people who do n't agree -- Exactly . -- uh , then there must be , it seems to be there must be at least a reasonable doubt for some people . Uh-huh . Uh , I do n't know . I , uh , you , you rarely hear , you hear , of course there 's cases where someone has been put in , in , in , uh , prison , uh , falsely accused but , uh , more than likely the people that are on the , the jury know what they 're doing . Uh , I mean you , Really ? Have you served on a jury ? Never . I never have either , but my friends , my few friends who have , uh , say just the opposite . They say they 're , uh , remarkably incompetent . And , uh , do n't know what they 're doing and say one thing in the courtroom and then as soon as they get in the back room they just start letting all their prejudices hang out and to , to air , and all that . Huh . Well , you would think that they would get that in the , uh , when the prosecution and defense are choosing the jury you would think that those would come out and I , I know they automatically , when you go through , uh , when you 're chosen is , you 're automatically like a , a , a professor in criminal justice or something like that , that you 're automatically , no they do n't want you on the jury . Right , MUMBLEx , they do n't want anyone with exper- , -- Exactly . -- anyone with particular experience or knowledge of the legal system . Uh-huh , exactly . Uh , And they tend , and since anyone can get out of it who basically says they do n't want to do it , I mean , you know , it 's , it 's anyone can get out of jury just about , and , uh , so , it , it 's , uh , it 's not really my peers that , if I were ar , let 's say I were arrested falsely or not -- Uh-huh . 