It 's , usually you get pretty incomplete coverage and that 's one of the reasons where I , why I try and get as many sources as possible , because if you hear the same story from three different sources , then you get a much clearer picture of , of what is going on . You would hope , but still , you know , hard to say -- Oh . -- that what you 've heard is what really is . What , what , uh , newspapers do you read ? Well , I read , uh , the local newspaper and I also try and read one of the , uh , major dailies like the CHICAGO TRIBUNE , or the NEW YORK TIMES or something like that . Uh-huh . For a while there I , I , I , uh , subscribed to NEW YORK TIMES , a- , actually a couple of newspapers because , uh , you know , my fiance , well , she was unemployed for a while so she , you know , really needed to look at the , the want- , help wanted ads -- Uh-huh . -- and so often they , they tr , the newspapers are trying to compete with a lot of other sources of newspape- , uh , news . Right . And , I do n't know , NEW YORK TIMES is okay , but , uh , and when you read a lot of this stuff , the , the quality of the writing has definitely gone down in the last ten years or so , but -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I mean , they , they say it 's like the sixth grade reading level , but -- Right . -- I swear it 's at least second or third grade , sometimes . Pretty low . But , I do n't know , uh , I think if you listen to like N P R or something like , Right , I , I really like N P R a lot . That 's pretty good . Uh , and I like listening to that on , on , uh , when I get a chance , when I 'm in the car a long enough time to , to listen to it , because I , Right , yeah , I miss N P R a lot also . I really like them because they give , uh , instead of being , as your newspaper or your T V news where you get a five minute blurb or a ten paragraph blurb , they go really in depth on topics which I think is good . Uh , And they also , their editorial stand point seems to be a lot better than , say , your major network news and that kind of thing . Well , McNeil , Neil- , and Lehrer , I guess he 's leaving , one of them is leaving . Uh-huh . Uh , they 're , they 're pretty good , too . Uh , I guess a year ago you 're probably watching C N N a lot , right ? Right yeah . Had that invasion or whatever it is . Sure was . Uh , but I , I do n't know , I guess a lot of it 's still a lot of hype . Look at the , the Smith trial . Uh-huh . I mean , that was a joke . Yeah , that was , but then you also have things where you , uh , where they broadcast the Clarence Thomas hearings basically the whole length of them which I thought was r- , really good . Oh , yeah , the N P R doing that , yeah , I know , I had , uh , some visitor and he was just in- , just , I do n't know , fixated on that , you know , just listened to it -- Uh-uh . -- constantly . Uh , and I guess that 's good when it 's live , if you , if you 'll really want that , 