I root for Nebraska quite a bit . N- , Nebraska . Yeah there 's a running team . Ye- , . Yeah . That , that , that 's boring for me . I , I 'll take the passing teams any day . Yeah . But , Well , I can see , I can see definitely how you get into that . I , to be honest with you , I find th- , that too much running gets pretty boring as well and . Yeah . It 's just , it 's four yards , three yards -- Right . -- eight yards , tackle . That 's , you know , it gets kind of monotonous . After awhile , I , I prefer forty , a nice forty yard flea flicker every now and then just , just to -- Sure . -- juice it up a little bit and but , Well , I think they 're starting to realize that . A lot of the , like the big eight teams that used to run so much . I think they 're starting to realize that they just ca n't compete anymore . Yeah . It 's high dollar . You know , it 's all , it 's all money now . Even college is all -- Right . -- can we get on T V so . Yeah . That 's , that 's , So , uh , what 's d- , this World League is coming in ? Uh , that 's getting ready to start up , right ? Right . Yeah . Have you followed that very much or , Uh , not really . I , I do n't think anything will ever take over the N F L . I think -- Yeah . -- it 's basically , you know , it 's , it 's an institution . It 's like if we tried to start something to take over major league baseball . It 's just , I just , you know . Yeah . I mean , it , it , it can be , it can take over part of it . But it 's never going to be the next , Right . It can take over a small market share but nothing really , Yeah . MUMBLEx it 's going to take a little bit . Some people are going to watch it but it 's not going to be wide spread super bowl and every Sunday afternoon or anything , you know . Right . It 's just , it 's never going to reach that , that standard but , Yeah . I think I agree with you . It 's , it 's kind of interesting to see , uh , to see their claim of , you know , like world football . But , when in reality , it 's really Americans playing somewhere else you know . Yeah , yeah . It 's kind of , it 's kind of strange . Uh , I guess we 're the only ones , who take it that far . Everybody else still nuts over soccer but , Yeah . Actually , uh , I kind of like soccer . I 've -- Yeah ? -- never really played it but , uh , I like the idea . It 's , it 's an interesting game to watch . That and rugby . I 've like to watch , rugby every now and then . Yeah or Australian rules football . That 's , Yeah , whatever you want to call it there . Yeah . That 's some brutal stuff there . 