but , you know by the time I get over the gym and , and go for my class and shower and get back to work , it is probably two hours or more -- Uh-huh . -- and that is just too long . I have twenty-five minutes for lunch . Yeah . That is out for me . That does n't really do it , does it ? No , I do n't think so . Yeah . But , uh , and they are nice because if we are running late , it usually , uh , if things are kind of hectic at school and people are running late , they kind of wait on us . You know , cause they know we are in the building and coming . Yeah . Where as , at , uh , another place , you are paying a lot more money and , uh , it does going to start whether you are there or not . That is right . That is right . So this has worked out real nicely . In fact , she charges us two dollars a session . Well , that is not much . Huh-uh . So it 's , it 's , we like pay her for six weeks at a time -- Uh-huh . -- cause that is like a unit in , uh , uh , school -- Uh-huh . -- uh , report card period and so it is like twenty-four dollars every six weeks . Oh . That is not bad . Huh-uh . It beats memberships at some of these clubs . That is for sure . You are not kidding . They are real expensive . I know . We belonged , uh , for a period of time to the Signature Club for about a year . Uh-huh . I mean , we were paying a hundred dollars plus month for our family membership -- Oh . -- and at first we used it and then it got where we were n't beginning to get out money 's worth . Yeah . And they offered lots of things , but we were n't taking advantage of them because we did n't have the time to . Yeah . So we decided to forget that . Uh-huh . That was just a waste of our our money . Yeah . Yeah . Well we have one through work Oh no . But , I , uh , I do n't know I still just do n't do n't end up going cause it is n't at a convenient time or I do n't know something , but I need to do something . If , if it 's only walk the dog or something . Uh-huh . I need to start doing that . It does make you feel better . The hard thing is getting going . That is right . And if you have somebody who will do it with you , like , for a long time my husband did n't want to walk cause he wants to , uh , jog -- 