and I , I do n't see it just relegated to the young . But I see , I , I see so much going on that , that 's bad . And this would give them a chance to have some positive self-esteem . Uh-huh . Something that they turn , Well , back . and also , you know , you , you feel more like , you know , you 're actually part of the community if you 've done something , That 's right . in it . You take pride in that , and , and get some , some positive feedback from those who benefit , Uh-huh . besides yourself . And I , I see it being most beneficial if it 's in the neighborhood where or , or at least the area where the person lives . Uh , definitely . It might not be the same neighborhood , but the same city or county , because then you 're , you 're coming in contact with it . It 's not as meaningful for me to go to Minnesota and do something up there that I 'll never be able to see again , unless I happen to go on vacation , Right . up there . Yeah . It 's , it almost needs to be something that has more impact for the individual , on going . Yeah . But as far as putting that into work , I do n't want to , I do n't want to deal with the , with the heartache of , first of all , getting it started and figuring out how to do the logistics , Oh , that would , of it . be a nightmare . And just , I mean , just getting , getting it going . Yeah . Yeah . I , I , see a lot of things like , uh , scouting , uh , Uh-huh . Boys Clubs , Girls Clubs , things like that , that kind of get into that citizenship , uh , the uh , looking after the environment sort of thing -- Uh-huh . -- And I guess , I do n't see , uh , this being that different . But even more beneficial because it would be something that everybody participated in , Uh-huh . and would take a turn in . Uh-huh . Yeah . Do you have kids ? N- , no , not yet . In about six months we will . Oh , well good . Th- , you 'll have a little time think about that . I guess , I , I have , uh , when I was teaching school I saw many , so many kids that were at loose ends and that did n't really have a purpose . And I can see , you know , some , some really significant things coming out of it . Uh-huh . I know you 've got to get past that , that grudge attitude that many have , but that 's , uh , tha- , that would be a part of selling it to the community . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . uh , parish or however the state was divided up . Um , I may , well I do n't know , around here we have a number of community projects that folks just volunteer for . Boy Scout troops or church groups or civic clubs will , uh , police a , uh a couple of miles of the highway and kee- , and I , I 've seen it in other states too . Yeah . They have , I do n't know , that here . Um , um , they 've got , um , in most of the states around here I think , uh . You know , down in North Carolina , there was a big controversy for a while , because they , uh , the local chapter of the K K K wanted to , uh , uh , to participate in it and , uh , and there were those that said , No , you ca n't do that , I 'm sure . Well , uh , it was , it was interesting because that 's an interesting question , you know . Yeah . Should these people be allowed to or not ? I think they finally decided not to because they figured that stretch of highway was going to get trashed . Oh . And I had n't even thought about that , uh , the , the other end of that . That , that 's an interesting , uh , situation . I had n't thought of that . We had visited relatives in Virginia , not too long ago , and I thought I had seen , when we were traveling around the state , some similar signs up that indicated that certain sections were being policed and cleaned up and , Yeah . I think Virginia 's got it and I know Maryland does , and we just , we went to Indianapolis last weekend , and back . And , um , I 'm pretty sure I saw , yeah , stuff in Ohio and Indi- , Indiana about it and Pennsylvania , maybe Pennsylvania , I do n't remember for sure now . 