Uh-huh . -- they 're interesting menus , um , combinations that you would n't have , nobody thought of . Uh-huh . Um . What 's one of your favorites ? Um , gee , the one I had most recently was , was one that , was , ha- , she , she describes as Jim Beard 's favorite , um , summer menu , or something , and it consisted of , of grilled kielbasa sausage -- Uh-huh . -- uh , a potato salad with olive oil , and uh , some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there . Wow , sounds too good . Uh , and that , and that was , you know , that 's , that , that 's certain you can do in thirty minutes . Yeah . But there are a whole lot of , you know , I mean , I , I would recommend you look at that book -- Yeah , that THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK . -- if you 're a busy person . THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK . That sounds fun . I find a lot of the cookbooks that , I do n't know , that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients , or things I do n't keep on hand all the time -- Uh-huh . -- and I have young children , and our budget 's set , you know , at this time , but I want to use simple recipes that -- Uh-huh . -- I have things on hand , I do n't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I have n't heard of . Yes , yes . That 's why sometimes I shy away from , uh , more of a traditional cookbook -- Uh-huh . -- but , well , it was interesting talking to you . It 's a fun subject . Food is one of my favorite things too . Yes . Anything else you wanted to add ? Well , you had said dinner , you know , you know , what would I put together for a formal dinner . We , we had some friends over as recently as Saturday night -- Oh , wow . -- and , and , um , put , here , here the inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert , you know , a chocolate mousse recipe -- Uh-huh , that 's good . -- and a sort of MUMBLEx cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella -- Uh-huh . -- um , which is this wonderful thing you can do , um , basically you 're baking , baking chicken in a , in an open pan , um , having marinated it first and , my wife did this part so I do n't remember all the details -- Uh-huh . -- marinated in olive oil and some seasoning , um , and cooked with some olives and some , and some prunes , uh , there 's a little bit of brown sugar in there , and it bakes up and it 's a delicious thing , and it 's easy -- That sounds good . -- comparatively . That sounds really good . Um . I 'm sorry , I just love , It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am , I 'm pretty simple right now , but . Well , maybe a little more leisure time -- Yes -- -- to do it . I do n't know , -- that 's probably , that 's true , I have little ones and we , and they wo n't eat , you know , too many different foods -- Yeah . -- right now . I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little -- Yes . -- in terms of their tastes . 