It 's a weekly -- Yeah . -- but , uh , but not , uh , not like BUSINESS WEEK or NEWS WEEK or one of those kinds of things . I 'd like to say that however , uh , that I 'm overwhelmingly disappointed with the media in general except for the raw news wires . In what way ? In like , in sort of like , uh , qual- , uh , quality or sort of an orientation in terms of like , view point or the way the news is presented or whatever ? Uh , I think that it , I think that it has to do with , uh , I personally think , uh , I , I have a problem with their viewpoint and I personally think that , uh , ther- , -- Yeah . Well you wo n't offend me . So go ahead and say . -- that there 's a strong bia- , there 's a strong bias in the media . Yeah . Like a liberal type of bias . Yeah . Absolutely . Uh , after all , who , who writes . People who are journalist who are trained to write and they 're , that 's a liberal , uh , a liberal field -- Yeah . -- at least from academia and , uh , the other thing that I always notice is that whenever they write about something that I 'm an expert in , I find their descriptions to be wrong -- Yeah . Yeah . -- and it , They , they generally make mistake on anything technical at least . That 's right . Well , even if it 's not technical . If it 's , uh , some social thing or whatever . It does n't matter . If I am an expert in it , they usually make mistakes which makes me believe think I 'm not expert in it . They 're telling me lies . Yeah . Yeah . Do you , by mistakes , do you mean just like honest mistakes or do you think they are deliberate sorts of things ? Uh , I think both . Uh , by deliberate I , uh , I mean mistake , mistakes of omission or , uh , or , uh , biased toward a particular view point -- Yeah . Yeah . -- a particular liberal -- Yeah . -- view point that they have . Yeah . So , uh , uh , to give you an example , uh , we will go out of the printing media . I know of cases where , uh , we have one television media where they will show clippings from one event and describe another event but , with the the attempt to give you the impression that what they 're talking about is the same thing they are showing you . 