And in civil law there , you know , is such a thing as like , let 's say , uh , misappropriations or misuse of financial instruments or something like that . A majority rule , I think , would be more in line as there is no real smoking gun in the civil cases . I do n't know if I 'm making any sense or not . Well , I mean , I think , are you just trying to say that criminal cases are more , uh , tangible or , Yeah , often there 's more incriminating evidence . Like , for instance , say , uh , and also , too , I think I 'm , I 'm tempering this and the fact that the consequences are much more , uh , serious in a criminal case . Well , do you think that , that in a civil case , if there was majority rule , that it would be easy for someone to be set up ? Um , well , I really ca n't say for certain , truth be known . Uh , as it stands , there 's , there 's many ways and means by which a person can be set up , both , uh , in a civil , uh , civil and criminal case . I mean , the , uh , documentary , the THIN BLUE LINE pretty much demonstrated that . You know , I do n't know for , if you 're familiar with that or not . No , I 'm not . A , uh , fellow when he was much younger , uh , was tried and convicted and sentenced to death . Fortunately , in his case , the death penalty was revoked and , uh , so he served out his , his sentence until it was discovered by a fellow who was making a documentary called the THIN BLUE LINE that this guy had basically gotten railroaded through the judicial system . The case was reopened and he was exonerated . Well , I mean , I think that there are many cases in our judicial system where justice is not served . Yeah , many laws , but little justice . Say , but , uh , and I also think , just like you were talking about before , why you were chosen to be on a jury that , uh , the , just , the process of picking jurors is not always objective . Oh , certainly not , certainly not . And , you know , they like to think that they 're getting someone who 's objective in all this , but they 're really looking for someone who will pretty much fulfill the lawyers ' desires . You know , the , because you get up and , and they ask you a few questions , 