Uh , we have one . She 's only nine months old . Oh , well she , she does n't have to worry about public schools yet . Right . Well , my degree is in teaching , so . Yeah . Well , we have a little bit of a basis for conversation . I was a substitute teacher for about a year . Oh , really . Yeah . I , uh , thought I wanted to be a teacher so , but before I went through all of that I wanted to see how I was going to like it . Uh-huh . And , and they , uh , in Alabama , where I came from they , they allow you to substitute if you got a four year degree . So I went out and played substitute for a while and decided , nope , not for me . Did you teach in all subjects or in all grade levels or , Yeah . It was , I just took grades one through six . Uh-huh . I thought I was going to be smart and get the good kids , wrong . Well , my degree was in fourth through seventh grade but I taught junior high . And I expected it to be a lot of trouble but it was n't that bad , I taught remedial reading kids . Um . And , well , they do n't call it remedial reading these days , Yeah . they call it something else . But , but , anyway , at the time that 's what I taught . And , um , you kind of group your behavioral problems together that way , Uh-huh . when you have your slow readers but it , it was n't too bad . We , we got long real well . Well , I , I sometimes wonder if I did n't mess up . I maybe should have taken the higher grades because at least you can , if you have to you can get mean with them . Those little kids do n't understand it . Yeah . I , especially with the real young ones . I started out wanting to teach ele- , lower , like primary and then top primary and thought , well , no , I do n't like this as much and ended up moving up and got up until about the sixth and so that 's what I got my certification in . Uh-huh . But I had decided long before I was even married that I wanted to , if possible , teach my kids at home and not put them in the public schools . Yeah . Um , and my reason for that was I do n't like the , uh , what 's the right word . The varied inappropriate influences that you find so much in the public schools . Well , that 's a nice way of putting it . You can find a lot of good public schools if you , if you look real hard but I do n't think they could cover everything that you could teach , Exact- , exactly , your children on an individual basis . And too , most people do n't have that option . Yeah . You know . And plus it also depends on the district you 're in as , I mean , on the , I 've seen some districts where all the schools are lousy it does n't matter what you do . Uh-huh . Uh , accept for the private ones , of course , we 're talking about public . Right . I do n't know . Back when I was going to school uh , you just did n't get away with the things these kids get away with now . Uh-huh . I mean you , you pulled stunts like that and you were down at the principal 's office and , uh , usually bending over to get five of the best , Yeah . Um , but now , nowadays they ca n't even , they can barely scold the children for something , you know , without getting sued . And the , the , um , the crime is just escalated and the drugs and , 