I saw it when I was a kid and I thought , oh , man . Well , I 'll tell , well I guess , I , I guess it was because I 'd read the book before I saw the movie . Oh , uh-huh . And the book , to me , was far more frightening than the movie was . Oh , really . Huh . Gosh . Yeah . He 's a very good writer and he had a way of putting you in that scene , you know . It was , Oh , boy . Yeah . And , of course , I was , I was living alone at the time and it was late at night and scary and , you know . You start hearing noises -- Gosh . Call the crisis line . -- you know . Yeah , I bet . And there 's rats in the attic , you know . Oh , gosh . Uh , let 's see . There was a couple of others that are out , and I ca n't remember , I saw one I thought was crummy . With that new , uh , Michael J Fox movie , THE HARD WAY . Where he plays a , a actor that 's , uh , like th- , huh . Yeah . I , I did n't , I did n't even like the previews on that . Oh , I know . It was , well I ended up at the theater and there was , did n't seem to be anything else on I wanted to see , so I 'll try that . But it was n't worth anything . I did n't care -- No . -- for that at all . I , I do n't much care for Michael J Fox anyway . Yeah . Well , the last two I saw him in , one of those BACK TO THE FUTURE , PART THREE deals and that was crummy also . I -- Yeah . -- did n't think that was any good so . I saw the original BACK TO THE FUTURE and then I , I know , I hardly ever go see a sequel . Yeah . I mean , I think , I think the only I 've ever seen a sequel was TWO THOUSAND AND ONE . Oh , boy . Uh , TWO THOUSAND AND TEN was far better . Yeah . Yeah . TWO THOUSAND AND ONE was a good movie if you had read the book . Well , I had n't read it and I could n't figure what was going on half the time , so . Yeah . No , nobody could figure it out . I mean -- Yeah . -- the , the book was so much , uh , there 's just things , all you can do is put it in words . You ca n't put it in pictures . Yeah . Yeah . You know , a lot of that stuff that was going on in the film , you co , say what is this ? You know , what 's the significance of the apes , you know . Yeah , yeah . I should probably go back and read the book now that I just saw the movie again not too long ago . Oh , the book is really good . 