-- I wo n't have to , you know , rush a letter to him or something , because , um , he really wants me to concentrate on my studies . Yeah . What are you , what are you studying ? I 'm doing masters in computer science and computer engineering . And what do you think you 'll do with that ? With those degrees ? Uh-huh . Well , I can , I can work up , um , here up to a year . And ? And hopefully get a job after that . You want to get into some kind of manufacturing , or what 's the specialty that you 're looking for ? Um , computer communications and data transmissions . Oh , okay , so you want to find a , uh , data transmissions , you 're looking for , uh , um , long distance -- Right . -- type stuff . Yeah , you know , anywhere from , um , local area networks , metropolitan area networks , you know , all that , and so , well , you have a family , right ? Yeah , I have a wife and two children and , um , And does , does your wife work ? No . She does n't work , she does , uh , well , it 's kind of hard to say now days , um , other than taking care of the house , she does a lot of sewing herself . Oh , okay . And she gets paid for that so she brings some money in . Yeah . She is trying to start he- , her own business where she does that full time . Okay . Alterations and sewing . Yeah . Stuff for the public and , uh , do that on a , on a full time basis here in town . And so , and you have a monthly budget ? Well , s- , sort of . We 're probably like most Am , American families , I guess , that we sort of have a budget in that we know how much we 've got at the end of the month , Right . and we know what bills have to be paid , and , uh , we pay as many of those bills that can be paid with , with the monthly budget , so . So , you do n't have any problem in , um , overcharging on your credit card , and stuff like that . Oh sure . We 're like everybody else , you know , we 've got a , several credit cards that sometimes , um , instead of paying them all off every month maybe you have to slip some and you pay part of it this month and part of it next month especially around Christmas time . Yeah , yeah . You know , that 's when everybody goes crazy on charging stuff . Well then , uh , see , uh , that 's , that 's one of the points which I do n't see , like I , I do n't give a lot of gifts during Christmas and I , you know , I do n't wa- , I do n't like to give any at all -- Yeah . 