Well my exercise program consists of , uh , you know , it 's , it 's a opportunity to stay alive really . Huh . Instead of , you know , wasting my , my , the , you know , the , trying to exist on the latency of my youth , the good health of my youth . I 'm , and what I like to do is I like to stretch out and I like to run , uh , m- , I 'm , I like to run , get my heartbeat up . I like to run about , oh , about two , two and a half miles . And then I like to work out on , uh , on the , uh , the Bailey Life C- , Cycle machines up here at the , at the Holiday Spa . And , and I , I think that , you know , I 've had a regiment now for about , you know , ten , fifteen years of , of doing that and , uh , and I , I kind of think it 's , uh , it 's a lot of work but I think it 's , uh , it 's a lot of work but I think it 's , uh , it 's the , uh , the amount of effort that 's required to , uh , to stay healthy , you know . I have a sedentary job and , uh , unless you do something like that , y- , you 're going to get sick . Right . Yeah , I 'm , I need to get , I 'm , I 'm pretty bad about that . I 'm lazy . I should , I know I want , I always say that I need to get run- , start running and I 'm going to try and do that this summer . Because I never have time . I , I always put it off . By the time I get back from classes it 's late at night and I do n't feel like going back over to the gym and running on the track or whatever . Because I 'm , I 'm getting a gut here . I got to get back into shape . Well , I , uh , two years ago I started having trouble with my knee . And , uh , you know , I 've got , you know , I figured well , it 'll go away . Well I s- , you know , I 'm , I 've had to reduce my program , reduce my program and I 've gained fifteen pounds . Huh . And so , uh , you know , it 's , e- , you know , I need to get back into swimming , you know , instead of running . If I ca n't swim or I ca n't run , I should be able to swim . Well I 'm such a terrible swimmer and I , I , I really feel I can , I can dedicate about an hour , an hour and fifteen minutes f- , to this effort . But if it gets longer than that I , I , i- , it , I start not doing anything . Yeah . And so , so I got a real problem in that regard . Uh , it , do , you obviously are , are not an exercise buff or else you 'd be out there doing it . Yeah . I mean , I do it , I guess , I 'm going to do it , uh , because I want to get in shape . I 'm not , it 's not something I really enjoy all that much that , I 'll , I 'll probably , I mean once I get into it and I , if I , if I get into better shape then it 'll be , it wo n't be as much of a , a chore to me . Well , it 's , it 's always a chore . I mean -- Yeah . -- I started doing this when I was about thirty-five -- Huh . -- and now I 'm fifty-five . Yeah . And , uh , you know , I , I know that in , MUMBLEx I just know that I 'm going to get blown away with some , some piece of nonsense . 