I guess we 're on . Well , hang on let me try it again because usually , um . Do you usually get a message ? Yeah . Um . Um . Hang on let me check on it . I do n't know . Well , let me try it once more . Well , I think we 're on , maybe . Okay . I guess we 'll find out . Yeah . So , in Maryland are you , uh , are you a Skins fan ? Um , well , not , not really from , you know , I really was n't from here so , uh , the teams I really root for in football are the Niners and the Seahawks , um , you know , mostly because , only the Niners because I used to live out in California , Yeah . you know , like , I like Seattle because I like Seattle and besides I like the city . Oh , okay . So , you were out there in San Francisco ? Uh , yeah . San Jose , actually but -- Oh , yeah ? -- but close , Oh , Yeah . Yeah , it 's , um , um , other than the , uh , the big catch , uh , with the Forty-niners and the Cowboys ba- , back a few year ago I like San Francisco . Oh , okay . But , uh , I , I do n't know I , I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas . Oh , is that where you are now ? Yeah . Oh , okay . I 'm in Dallas and , uh , uh , I guess when you 're down here in Dallas you finally get indoctrinated into the Cowboys -- Uh-huh . -- um , because , uh , you know this is a big football territory down here . Oh , yeah . And , uh , uh , unfortunately , of course , the Cowboys have been doing so bad in the past few years . Uh-huh . That , uh , uh , I do n't know , everybody 's kind of , they 're still behind them but , uh , it 's not like it used to be . Yeah . Well , you know , you , you back the winners and you do n't back them when they 're not doing well . That 's right . But I think , uh , actually , uh , in , in trying to follow , uh , you know the Cowboys over the years I think , uh , uh , they used to have a , um , a philosophy for , well I do n't know , probably the last twenty-five years except for about the last about five or six years -- Uh-huh . -- uh , they always went out and tried to draft the , the best , um , athletes . Uh-huh . And did n't really put them draft for any particular spot . But they would go out and try to go for , uh , the best people and then mold them into different areas or find their natural niche . Uh-huh . And then about five years ago , four or five years ago , uh , they started going after , uh , uh , specific players or positions , you know , like the press would get down on Landry , 