and I mean he is just overly , he , he is abounding in kindness , let 's say . Yeah . And his wife is so godly , I mean , every thought , they have a totally different life than we have . Huh . You know , and when you add the , um , commercialization of the western world it sort of screws everything up for them . Yeah . And they have very basic life , um , well it 's just a very basic life and they just really believe in Allah , or God , or whatever . Uh-huh . And it 's , you know , everything is to the glory of Allah , and , and , you know , and , it , it 's almost like , What 's sad is that the leaders that have control -- Yeah , well that 's , -- are power , see using that , yeah . yes , and they abuse that . And it 's always been military and it 's always been , and that 's , that 's always been the way of the world . Do n't you think . Which I think that that 's not the , the way the majority of the people over there really are . Yeah . So it 's really hard , when you see the leaders , compared to the people . But I think in a , in a way the war , uh , I think in a way all , the involvement over there too , though , has shown a lot of people that there are a lot of people that do n't follow what those few are doing . And there are a lot of people who are good people . Yeah , yeah . You know , there 's , and I , I think we may not have ever have seen that without some of these , uh , newspeople being in there in the broadcasts and the , the , uh , soldiers leaving , um , you know , surrendering and , Right and surrendering , that was , trying to get out of that situation . Yeah . And , and , the , you know , it just really comes down to people are people , you know , you have to have some compassion some humanness . That 's right . Does n't matter where the boundaries are . Um , you know , there are political boundaries and those are man made boundaries , but , you know , for heaven sakes , that 's something that 's been going on for ages , and I , I think so much of it is what you 're taught . Yeah , that 's true . You know , they teach their children , uh , in such a way that , 