yeah . And , uh , so that kind of thing really kind of concerns me . Well , that scares me because if th- , that 's the way they are , I , if I were a dentist , I 'd want to be protected , too . Well , you would think so . Uh-huh . That is , because , well , and I worked for a dentist and that 's , uh , you know , you , you come in contact with a lot of , of blood and things like that and it 's real , real dangerous . Uh-huh . I , I would think , but , with all the accidents , just with , with , uh , everything happening with , just airlines just drive me crazy . People are afraid to fly now . Right . You know , just because of , they do n't know what their pilot 's been doing and , and things like that and , Uh-huh . I do n't know . Well , you , where you 're located , I , I do know Texas Instruments has random drug testing . Uh-huh . And I think they 've had it for several years . And their program they had , I do n't think had a lot of , uh , problems associated with it , but , uh , my brother-in-law happens to work there and it , it sounded very positive . And I , I think it 's great . I , I would like , I would encourage it . I 'm pushing our company towards that . MUMBLEx . Well , and , you know , if they do find someone who , who is , uh , having a problem with drugs and they can get them the help that they need . Right . As opposed to just letting the problem go on with , without any , uh , support . Exactly . And whatever , because a lot of people , seems like , would probably obviously are trying to hide that -- Uh-huh . -- uh , from their employer and friends and family and things and too many people are just dying . Right . Particularly in our area . I do n't know what the crime is like where you are , but the crime rate here is just astronomical . Ours is changing . Yeah , ours , ours is changing , it 's increasing . I live in a , I live in a very nice suburb and it 's , it 's , it 's unbelievable what , what , what 's going on and the drugs , the selling of drugs . It 's just , it 's just too loose . It 's too free . Uh-huh . I just got a piece of paper the other day , uh , that now they have these , I have two little , very little children , under two -- Uh-huh . -- and I got a piece of paper from , from my husband 's office , it 's talking about these , uh , drug tattoos now -- Really ? -- that they have got . That look like , it looks like a sticker and it 's for kid , 