actually I 've , I 've seen it where there 's not a cloud in the sky , it 's a cloudless night , and the rain is n't falling , but you can see the thunder , and , excuse me , see the lightening going horizontally across the sky -- Oh , yeah , yeah . -- and back and forth , and what a light show . Yeah -- It 's , it 's fabulous . -- cloud to cloud it can be real , really sensational here . Yeah , that 's true . Where are you from originally ? I 'm from , uh , northern Utah , and that 's a very arid climate , from , uh , Salt Lake City area -- Uh-huh . -- and there 's always a lot of snow . In fact , where I grew up we were about an hour 's drive from seven to , uh , twelve different major ski resorts , and so -- Oh . -- there was an awful lot of snow , and because it was an arid climate , the snow was always a crisp , powder , light snow -- Oh , yeah . -- which made it fantastic for skiing and , and sleigh riding and everything else . Oh , yeah . So , we had a great time . Were you near , near the Park Cities area . Um , yeah , in , uh -- Beautiful area . -- in Snowbird and Solitude and -- Uh-huh . -- and Brighton and yes , all those areas . So I imagine , have you skied before ? Well , we 've skied , I have not skied that area . Uh-huh . I 've driven through it several times . Uh , I skied , we skied California a bunch when we lived out there , and -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , um , and , of course , grew , we grew up in Minnesota , and we do some skiing there -- Oh , yeah , MUMBLEx . -- lot of cross country skiing there . Yeah , great . Well , do you think this , the , the weather is typical for this time of the year ? Well , not really , I , you know , Minnesota 's gotten just hammered with snow , um , the , um , uh , we 've gotten a fair amount of rain for this time of year already -- Yes . -- I think -- Yeah . -- and , uh , I 've been surprised that we have n't seen more of the temperatures that we 've got today , you know , that moved in last night . Yeah , it 's been , it 's been cold . 