Uh-huh . Uh , yeah , there 's a lot of people that are n't for war . I 'm not for war , Right . but I believe that the way that it was done and the way that was handled were right . I do n't remember that feeling back in Vietnam . Right . I just remember , oh yeah , our guys are over there and it 's sad and we should n't be fighting a war but there was no , let 's support them , you know . Right , we- , the , when this war broke out it frustrated me all thi- , the antiwar people and , you know , Yeah . their , all the demonstrations that were going on . I felt like they got way too much media coverage and publicity because those kind of people , I mean , you know , they 're the kind of people who are , who 've always got to have a cause , whether it 's good , bad of indifferent . They 've got to have a cause and , and , I , you know , nobody says because you 're supporting the troops that you 're , you 're supporting the war . That 's right . Yo- , you have to support the people that are there . That 's right . And som- , for some reason those people do n't see that . They do n't see it as supporting the folks , the people . No , no , they do n't and , you know , they 're just real shallow people . I would agree with you there . Yeah . I , I agree . Um , and I , and I recall when President Bush said that , you know , he said look , I , you know , I 'm sorry that you 're opposed to the war . There 's a lot of us that are opposed to war but , uh , you 're not helping the people that are over there by what you 're doing . And I remember a lot of it kind of stopped after that . Yeah , But , I mean they 're not helping anybody . That 's the , that 's the whole point , Th- , not . they 're not doing anything for anybody except themselves . That 's true . And I do n't even know what they 're doing for themselves . Uh . You know . Giving a soapbox to stand on . Yeah . But , well , I just , I , I 'm glad we 've learned . I 'm sorry we had the experience of Vietnam . Yeah . And , uh , and I 'm , I 'm , I 'm especially sorry for the people that are , you know , have spent all these years trying to deal with it emotionally , because , you know until the la , past four or five years , nobody ever really worried about that , That 's true . for them . Yeah . And , and I think that 's where we as American people really failed , you know , failed them . Uh-huh , yeah . So , I do n't know . Well , do you have anything else you want to say on this ? No , I guess not . I think this is the first time that I have n't been cut off by the computer . I know , we get cut off all the time , too . Usually I can talk all day but this is something to me that 's sad . Yeah , it is . So , well have a good day and I appreciate the conversation . Thanks , same here . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 