That 's right . You know , you ca n't say , um , you know , I know Steven probably would not be accepted because he has a learning disability and , Uh-huh . into a private school . And , um , which is , which is too bad . But on the other hand , I , I ca n't necessarily blame them , No . you know , they , they are a private school and they , That 's right , can do whatever they want . they can be selective , right . And they ca , they , that 's right , they have the ability to be selective . But you ca n't say then , well , public schools are , are not as good . Right . Perhaps they are , because they 're , they 're , If you choose the select top group out of the public schools and tested them , and then compared them to the pri , to the private school group , then I think you would have a more equitable -- You 're right . -- way . And I have a problem when they compare the kids in Japan or Germany to the kids here . In , in , in , uh , ho- , honesty , the kids in Japan are , they have to try out to even get into , to which kindergarten they 're going to get into , Oh , really ? and then after , uh , and if , if you only , the , in fact , they 've had cases in the past where parents have committed suicide because their child has not gotten into the top kindergarten , which means they probably wo n't get into the top elementary and , and high school , Uh-huh . and if they do n't , then af- , when they reach a certain age , they just , that 's the end of their schooling . Uh-huh . And , and , uh , they do n't ever really go on . It 's only their top ones that go on , like ours do . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , and , uh , so that , that creates a problem . And , Yeah . and you ca n't compare , because they go so many more hours . The other thing is that the priority in the family is that child 's education , Right , and is that child . well , you see that with the foreigners that come here . That 's right . Um , I , I was talking to somebody recently or read somewhere where they , where they said that , you know , these children , they , they had to be the best , and they put off all social life , all everything , That 's right , that 's right . you know . Well , is that good ? Yes , the child is very bright , but on the other hand , I feel like my children , who are kind of middle of the road , have , Better coping skills . are more rounded , you know . Yes . Sure , sure , I think it 's real important to have friends . I think it 's real important to play sports . 