I 've got some onions out , Yeah . tomatoes , I 'm not real sure what they 're going to do this year . I never have much luck with tomatoes . I do plant a lot of beans , because it seems like , the , uh , bugs get on them so easily and I have a real problem with anything like pesticides or anything like that , so , the only thing that I use is soap . I water , you know , spray the plants , because they say , supposedly , that will keep the bugs off them . But , uh , I do n't have luck with that tomato plant , so I hate to spray them with anything . Um , what do you do ? Do you have any tips you could give me ? Um , my favorite one is putting on the , um , tomato plant is to put , uh , MUMBLEx dust , Yeah . Yeah . and that stuff has been around since the beginning of time , That 's true . That 's true . My dad is a farmer so , I 've heard him talk about that forever . I guess it works , but , um , you have to really wash your vegetables after that so it wo n't make you sick . Let 's see what else do you do to your house ? Well , I 've done some rewiring on it . Yeah . Eventually , if we stay here , I 'm going to have to rewire the entire house . Oh , really . Do you plan on like adding any rooms or , you have enough space you could probably do that . Or is it , I 've talked about adding at least one more room and definitely adding another bath on . Yeah . I would think so if you only have one bathroom for three bedrooms , that 's tough . Do you not , like , have a half bath . Not even a half bath . Yeah . Yeah . That 's rough . The house that I used to live in had one bath and a half . And that was even just with two people . That was a pain . The only thing that saves it , with the schedule I work and the schedule my wife works , we 're getting ready to go to work at totally different times . That 's good . So that . It 's not like we 're tripping over each other in the morning . Really . That could account for a lot of marital problems . I think . You get to know each other very well if you have to share a bathroom . It does n't work if you 're trying to shave and she 's trying to put her eyeliner on and , No . you 're both fighting over the mirror . That 's right . It does not make for a happy situation . That 's true . Well , do you have any children ? I 've got one . One child . And they enjoy where they 're living ? We 'll , he 's nine months old . Oh , so he does n't know , right . I guess , he 's a big help out in your garden . Right . He likes to dig around a little bit . His mother comes in and says , why did you let him play in the dirt , I guess he 's enjoying himself . That 's right . It 's healthy , 