Because there has got to be some kind of background check to see , that the people who are buying a gun are buying it for a useful purpose , you know , if , if you 're going to hunt with it , Uh-huh . or if you 're going to do sport shooting you can wait a week . Right . That 's true . It 's not a big deal for them to go . If they 're can check your driver 's license every time you get a ticket , you know , I mean , they should be able to go back and find out if you 've had any kind of psychiatric record , Right . armed , you know , felony record . That 's true . any of that kind of stuff . And , it seems to me right now that there 's not , there 's not that much of a check . I , I 'm not really sure what Texas law , I think there 's a check for MUMBLEx felonies , on your record . Right . But , If the gun shop owner does it , Uh-huh . you know , but , Yeah , but he has to go out and do it . That 's true , I think , Yeah , if , and if it 's a private sale , of course , then there 's nothing . Right . And , see that 's my only problem with , uh , making you , um , you know , get the check and everything is , is , I guess bad guys , if you want to call them bad guys , they are going to get a gun no matter what . Uh-huh . They 're not , I do n't think they 're going to go to a gun store or pawn shop and get it the right way when there 's a check , I think they 're going to go out and find it someway , individual sale or something like that . Yes . But , but maybe we 'll prevent a few John Hinckleys . Yeah . I hope . That 's true . You know , I , I , that , that 's the kind of people , like I say , I do n't think the guy who 's going to rob a Seven Eleven , is going to rob a Seven Eleven whether he has a gun or a knife , baseball bat , Knife , exactly . or , you know , whatever , He 's going to do what he wants to do . That 's true . I , I just think it makes honest people more honest and , Yeah . And , and the people who want it , it 's not that big a deal , like I say , to wait . Right . Right . And , if you have to have it in a hurry , something 's wrong . 