You know , just proving that you 're a basically a good citizen . But if you 're not a , if you 're not a basically good citizen , you just told me that you 're going to get one of those guns anyway . If , if they want the firepower they can get it . So why hav , because it does n't matter how restrictive your border control points are they 'll get it across the border one way or the other . So why have any restrictions at all ? Uh , okay . Let , go back to that one to ten scale where one , being , full gun control , Uh-huh . ten being none . Yeah . I 'd said about an eight . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Well , we can could be , I said the restrictions I would like to see on , for anybody , whether it being for handgun , a rifle , a shotgun , I would like to see them go through either , I 'd like to see a law enforcement agency , not N R A , but whether it be the , your state police or your county police for you to be able purchase a handgun . You got to go through their course and get certified that you know how to properly handle the weapon , how to safely handle the weapon , how to properly maintain it , the three basics . Well , that makes a lot of since to me . I mean , I certainly feel that if , if , we may disagree on when someone should own a fire arm but , uh , I certainly agree that if someone owns a fire arm that have as much responsibility to know how do , use it safely as someone learns how to drive , if not more so . Well , the han- , in the hands of the wrong person the car can be just as deadly as the weapon , Yeah . as a , as a pistol . Well , I have a bicycle and that scares me too to tell you the truth because I 've been run off the road and all sorts of things . Well , I 'm still , I 'm still puzzled though , what is the argument , how does the argument work if , uh , if the bad guys are going to have guns anyway . What 's the point of putting a restrictio- , basically , the restrictions are just to penalize the good guys because the bad guys are going to get the guns anyway they 're not going to take those courses . Is it , uh , is it a way of raising the prices of illegal guns ? Well there 's , If it 's not going to cut the supply of illegal guns it must going to at least raise the prices does that , uh , mean advantage ? Uh , not necessarily a price thing . What is happening at least in this state and I expect to see it in other states very soon , legislation been introduced as that , if a citizen of the state , being , Uh-huh . myself , has not committed a felony and has completed a certified weapons course , I can carry a weapon on me at all times concealed or uncon , unconcealed . Uh-huh . 