Oh , yes . And , uh , we went fishing there last memorial day , and I caught my first bass that was actually big enough to keep . I was so excited . And , uh , that 's really about it . Mostly just the lakes around here , and I fish to take home and cook . I do n't , I do n't get too much joy out of just sitting and watching . I get a little bit of relaxation from it , but mainly I , um , I want to say I brought something home . I want to say I did this , I was out there for a reason . The last time I went , uh , bass fishing , I was with my daughter , a friend of hers , and , well , a friend of mine and his daughter . We , I was the only one who did not catch , a single fish -- Really . -- my daughter caught fish , his daughter caught fish , he caught fish . Everybody but you . I did not even , I did not even , I have been , I was out on a party boat a few years ago , and we , we were grouper fishing , or , you know , actually we were , uh , snapper fishing . Everyone on the boat was catching snapper , snappers except guess who . It had to be you . I ca- , I , Could n't catch one to save your life . Huh . That 's right , I would go from one side of the boat to the other , and , uh , the , uh , the party boat captain could not understand , you know , he even , even he started baiting my hook , and holding , holding the , uh , the fishing rod . How funny , just hoping maybe , he could pull . Right , and it was , it was really , really , really bad . Uh , I , as I said , I am a fisher , I 'm not a catcher . Right . But , uh , I enjoy it though . I do n't really get out as much as I , uh , as I would like too . Yeah . And they do , of course , you know , here in , we 're only just a few , not a few minutes , we 're , you know , forty five minutes to an hour away from the eastern shore here in Maryland -- Right . -- and they do a lot of fishing there . Of course what I used to like to do though is go snorkeling for scallops -- Oh , yeah , -- in some of the bays , or uh , or oy- , for oysters . That would be fun . And , uh , that I was able to do , when I could go in and go down and actually pick them off the bottom . Right . Hand picked . That right . The weirdest fishing experience I ever had . People to this day are still trying to figure out if I really caught what I think I caught . We were in , uh , Rockport , which is close to Corpus -- Uh-huh . -- and we had been fishing in a canal , they had all these canals up through this one little retirement area , and , uh , we 'd been fishing in the canals and all we were catching were catfish , and we were pretty bored with that . So , we thought well , maybe there are some crab in here , 