but I do it because I have to not because I want to . I bought a stationary bike , but I find that if I sit on that seat too long , it hurts . Yeah , yeah . And I have n't figured how to get that soft , and I tried even tying a pillow to it . But two years ago , I joined , well , it 's not quite two years , it 's almost two years , I joined the Cosmopolitan Lady here in Plano . Uh-huh . And I love it . Really ? I just love it . So is it just women that go there ? Yeah . It 's totally women . See , I think that 's what 's my biggest problem with going to a place , uh , a , a health club . Because I do n't feel like having a bunch of other people watch me exercise . You know , so I have tried to just do stuff at home and , uh , I just feel conscious about it . I mean , I 'm not big , you know , or anything , but I still do n't like other people watching me . I like to be able to sweat , have my hair a mess . Yeah . Uh , feel that , okay fine , if my bathing suit slips a little bit I do n't have to be conscious -- Right . -- of it being a little bit too low . And I , my bathing suit 's just one piece , so there 's no big deal all the way around , but -- Uh-huh . -- I do n't have to be conscious of what I 'm doing or how I 'm doing it . And it 's , uh , oh , it 's just , I do n't know , it 's , it 's a total free relaxation . Because , hey , you can do what you want . You 're a female , and no one is staring at anybody else or worrying about what anything else is doing . That 's what , And they 've got such fantastic equipment in there . Really ? That 's , Oh , yeah . that 's great . How , And I love the water aerobics . I love the water aerobics . Do they have a pool or what is , Oh , yeah . They 've got a nice one . Huh . They have two types of water aerobics . They call it aqua exercise , I guess is what they call it . I 've heard that that 's really good for you to do . It pushes you because you 're pushing against the water -- Uh-huh . -- in itself . So it is like double strenuous . But you 're not being double strenuous on your own body . Because you 're pushing it yourself . Uh-huh . So you 're doing it yourself . So you do n't really feel like you 're really working that hard , do you ? Huh-uh . When you 're in the water ? Huh-uh . The only thing that I ever felt was , every time I stop and start going again , because I end up getting two jobs once in a while . I end up having to quit for a while . But I get blisters on my toes on the bottom because , Oh , wow . . I really jump a lot . Well , that 's funny , I never would have thought of that . Well , a lot of people wear those little , uh , terry cloth with rubber soles on the bottom . Especially around the pool . So they just -- Like wat- , -- wear them right into the pool . 