COCOON ? COCOON , uh-huh . Okay . He was a blond haired , heavyset alien in COCOON . Oh , okay . I do n't , I do n't know what his name is . Uh , I think I know who you are talking about though . Yeah . At any rate , I also saw not long ago ONCE AROUND . That was with Richard Dreyfuss . Okay . And , that one was just a very poignant story , it , it , it had people , it was , it was you know , a lot of people said it was a really funny movie , but it was , Uh-huh . a very , it was a poignant humor and there was , it was like , uh , uh , STEEL MAGNOLIAS . The characters played very well off one another . Uh-huh . And there was humor involved , but the story was a very dramatic story , and I enjoyed it very much . What are some others that you have seen lately ? Oh , I 'm trying to think , uh , just the other night on H B O we watched THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER , Oh , whoa , yes . again and that 's one that , That 's one I can watch , Yeah . over and over and over again . I was going to read while it was on , but then when it started , I just could n't , you know , read . That was a really good movie . It sure was . And , you know , the second time you see it , you understand more subtleties in it . There are a number of good movies like that . Yeah , there 's quite a few , uh , movies out now that I would like to go see . My husband , Uh-huh . is not a real big movie goer , Uh-huh . and I guess , more than anything , that is why we do n't go . Yeah . Plus , by the time you get a baby-sitter , and then pay to go to the movies -- Uh-huh . -- it just gets pretty expensive . Right . You do n't work ? No , I stay at home . Okay . Well , you are going to have to find a mother 's day out and have him call in sick one day . Yeah . Go during the day , that 's right . That 's right . There 's nothing wrong with that . Go in the early hours , it 's a matinee , it 's not crowded and the price is as reasonable as renting a video . Yeah . And that 's the way I do it and I go quite frequently . Uh-huh . If you are going to be planning on doing that , now I was WARLOCK too , which is supposed to be the story of a , uh , witch hunt that is , you know , magically shot into the present time . Uh-huh . And , the first five minutes or ten minutes of the movie was , I was very well persuaded to walk out . Very well persuaded , there was more gore than I was interested in seeing . Uh-huh . But , as the movie settles down to a comfortable action , uh , I ca n't really that it would have gotten more than a star and a half from me either . But , Yeah . uh , the action was comfortable and , of course , I enjoyed those good guy , bad guy type conflicts things . So , I enjoyed that movie , after the first few minutes of gore . And there were some others , but they were done a little more tastefully . Yeah . But , uh , in the first scene , the warlock chopped off a guy 's finger because he wanted the ring and then -- Uh . -- bit his tongue out and spit it off in the omelet and I could not handle that . I said `` whoa , I 'm glad I have not had dinner '' . Then , uh , I saw AWAKENING , that 's a wonderful , wonderful job by Robin Williams and Peter De Niro . I , uh , I , uh , Robert De Niro ? Robert De Niro , what did I say , Peter ? I think you said Peter . I said Robert De Niro . Yeah . 