yeah , well . Yeah , but , you know , it 's , it is interesting , uh , they 're so many mor- , they 're different kind of dangers that face young people now and social pressures , uh , the pressures of drug is so much , the prevalence is so much greater , Uh-huh . the , the kinds of diseases that you 've got out the , uh , um , Uh-huh . I mean the consequences is so much of what 's going on , I think that 's true , I think that 's true . is so much more serious then when we were younger . I think the other thing is that , uh , we have taken some rather drastic turns in our , in our education and the way we approach things as of maybe starting back when , when I 'm number one , you know , and , uh , uh , uh , worrying about self and not , uh , seeing the consequences of the disintegration of the family . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , uh , and there have been many things that have happened that have not encouraged closeness of families and , uh , support for young people that the kind of support that they need , Yes , and , to help them take care of the things , if you do n't have some kind of , of basic believe or something down inside of you , Uh-huh . then it 's very difficult to , uh , have anything to turn to , That 's true . when you got , when you 've got something facing you like that . I also being involved in the school system see so many of the problem children coming from their parents , um , children who will lie and cheat and you approach their parents , and their parents are constantly justify them rather then to , Uh-huh . uh , you know , they 're constantly , Like MUMBLEx . excusing their , Right . child and you can see exactly , Yeah exactly . why the child is that way . You can as a teacher , ca n't hold a child accountable , Yeah . if you 're not going to get reinforced by , That 's right . that at home . that 's right . And you ca n't make up in a classroom of one hour a day , No . what 's not been done for , That 's right . fifteen or sixteen years at home , Oh . 