I just hate to think about it . Yeah , now an additional thing is , uh , where I work -- Uh-huh . -- they also have recycling there of , uh , all white paper and of , you know , cans also -- Uh-huh . -- so , I mean , a lot of people , you know , right at the vending machines , Uh-huh . they have receptacles that , you know , Uh-huh . you can just pop your cans in and near the , Uh-huh . Xerox machines they have places , you know , for your , Uh-huh . paper , you know , I keep a little box at my desk , you know , Uh-huh . and I just throw , as I 'm using the white paper , you know , I just throw it right in there , Uh . and then , you know , they have someone that comes around and pick it up , you know , every afternoon -- Yeah , that 's neat . -- which , you know , is an excellent idea , Yeah . at work because I know the amount paper they go through there because , Yeah , that 's right . I guess one of the things , I think , that needs to happen is we need to be better informed about , Uh-huh . about it , there 's needs to be more public , uh , Yeah , I would agree with that . service of , programs or something that would let us know had a happens to it -- Uh-huh . -- and helps us to become enthused about it because of what is happening -- Uh-huh . -- and there 's , Right . I 've seen a few things but not very much , Uh-huh . really and I , I think that 's a shame they need to , uh , do a little more , I 'd like to know , for instance , when I , when they say , uh , plastic , all plastic , what kind of plastic , Exactly . can you put all together or , Uh-huh . is there some reason not to , uh , now maybe they just sort it after they get it and throw out what they ca n't use , I do n't know -- Uh-huh . -- but I , I 'd be glad to organize it , Uh-huh . if that they 'd tell me what it is I 'm doing -- Right . Uh-huh , yeah , I agree with you there , another thing that I like here which is , I do with , I have to actually go to two different recycling areas because one of them is that , uh , their aluminum cans is for , uh , Children 's Hospital , for a burn fund -- Uh-huh . -- so all the monies are donated , you know , Yeah . for the recycling to Children 's Hospital , which I think is an excellent idea , Uh-huh , that 's great . there , you know , because the other , Now that gives , public , you a little bit of incentive there . Right , right , Uh-huh . and before even at work , before they started the recycling plan , which at work they 've only been doing since January first of this year , I had had everyone in my department recycling and , you know , I would have them drop , Saving them for you , uh . right , drop their cans off in my office and then I would haul them , you know , here to this place for the Children 's Hospital Fund -- Uh-huh . -- which got people really going into it , I think that 's , but , right . 