-- but , uh , I 'm , uh , I 'm pretty much out to the things to say . Oh , like , like social changes . Yeah . Um , um , and I do n't think this would have anything to do with it , but like clothing and styles , lot of those changed . Okay , yeah , I , I , I do n't think they , they consider , like I say , it 's a broad category , it 's just I 'm not economical but -- Yeah . -- uh , even attitudes -- Uh-huh , definitely . -- on , on clothing and stuff , uh , I know . Towards each other . Yeah , I , I , I know a lot of the things that , that we wear , men wear nowadays were , would have been considered , uh , feminine , uh , many years ago , but . Uh-huh , yeah . I know , it 's been , it was hard for me at first , but now I kind of like , you know , a lot of the bright colors . Yeah . I mean , like I used to be more , uh , conservative and just your basic colors , but now I , I do like some of these , uh , brighter , fluorescent colors . Yeah , but they , styles come and go all the time , though . It 's just ridiculous , fads in and out . And even , um , clothing from the sixties came back . Yeah . I see a lot of , um , girls wearing sixties clothes . Yeah . I , I , I guess the , the best thing I like to see from the sixties and seventies is , of course , is the mini skirt , of course . One of the nice things , but , uh , yeah , I do n't think that there 's anything as original , it 's , it 's all based on , uh , one of the past styles , they just , um , make their , uh , circle and come back again . Yeah . So if you hang onto your clothes long enough , uh -- Yeah . -- they 'll , they 'll be back in style in a few years . That 's true , maybe some day I probably wo n't be alive to see it , but prices might go down lot more . Yeah . I do n't know though , does n't look good . Well , I think , thinking back , I think the only style I hope does n't come back is bell bottoms . Yeah , I remember that , I do . I guess when I look at pictures of myself in the bell bottoms I say God . Yeah , I did n't really care for them either . But now I , 