and then those convicted , especially of , you know , murder and , and , uh , you know , major crimes , Uh-huh . uh , to reach the life sentences and , you know , death penalties and follow through with that . Huh . Uh , especially , you know , in the case of murder -- Right . -- uh , I know in my case , I , my wife and daughter were kidnapped , Oh , wow . during a house robbery back in eighty-five -- Oh , my goodness . -- and we caught , the individuals got caught , we , uh , Uh-huh . we went through the court system and all that sort of thing and , uh , you know , two counts of kidnapping , uh -- Uh-huh . -- you know , the , the forty-five to the head , you know , just the , the mental anguish and the whole nine yards -- Right . -- uh , you know , the guy only got five years . Wow . And , you know , he was out within two months because of the parole system . So what , what , Did you , did you sue him under the civil system ? Do what now ? Did you sue him under the civil system ? N- , no . I 'm not real familiar with that . Well , you could probably sue him for mental anguish or something , right , Oh . and try to get money from him and , Well , the insurance companies and all that tried to , tried to go after him and they said , well , you know , he , they 're , he has no job , he has nothing , there 's nothing that he has that , that you could go after . Yeah . Makes you wish that had , uh , still had indentured servitude , for this sort of thing . Yeah . Uh , very seld- , But they give the guy a job in prison and make him pay his damn debt . Yeah . They do n't do that here . Course they pay them , but they do n't , you do n't , you or the insurance companies never see any of that money . Yeah , that 's too bad . And , uh , you know , and they 're , right now they 're reluctant to go after him because they 're , you know , they 're , they 're repeat offenders , they , uh , been in jail before , Uh-huh , uh-huh . they 've been released , you know , several times , which is another , Uh-huh . uh , deal I hate to see . Uh-huh . But , uh , you know , basically the guy commits , you know three major crimes and , and , uh , Yeah , I , I think that 's re- , and car theft on top of it , Yeah . destroys my car , Yeah . and we 're out , you know , uh , you know , fifteen thousand dollars 