I have , uh , I , well , I used to have the opinion that there wa , that there really was not any more crime in America , in the cities , anyway , than there was in previous centuries , uh , before , uh , simply because . The reason there seems to be so much was the fact that the police now had advanced , uh , reporting methods , with computers and other devices . Compile more statistics . That 's right , and those statistics in turn got them bigger budgets . Uh-huh . However , I have been persuaded , lately , I guess , simply by the , uh , overwhelming data that seems to be available that there is indeed a lot more violent crime . More especially where you are . Are you , Well , yeah . in Washington D C or Washington state ? No , I am in , I am in Washington D C . Yeah , yeah , I was going to say , Actually it , you know , I do a lot of business here , and I come here quite often and , and that again is a , is a sort of media perception there 's some absolutely lovely and marvelous and peaceful areas in Washington . Oh , yeah . Regardless of the racial makeup , but it 's , it 's real , uh , there 's pockets of violence that is so violent that they , uh , It just really grabs your attention . Yeah . It just makes the whole place seem like that . Right . Now just to focus on that a minute , I guess , uh , uh , when , uh , previous secretary of , uh , educa- , Bennett , I think his name was , Yeah . became the drug czar , uh , for , uh , President Bush , he was going to focus on it , on this area and do something about it and I see that even he was met without , with , with little success , even though the entire , I guess a , a quite a bit of money and other , uh , planning efforts went into that . What do you , what do you think is causing all this , Well , because , it seems that there even though crime , though I think it is increasing in number , it sure does seem to be increasing in intensity , Yes . and violence too . Well , I , I have three theories about it , you know , three things . I have one theory , and it 's brought to us by two things . One I , I believe that this is a function of , uh , the violence that young people see on television and the movies . Uh-huh . And , I am not just talking about , you know , uh , role models of gu- , of tough guys and gangsters and things like that , I am not even , I am not even convinced that maybe things like football , hockey and , th- , th- , the , you know , the , and even baseball games now where the , everything is settled with a fight . You know , the , the immediate need to show some sort of violence to settle th- , the argument . And , and then I , I am an advocate of hand gun control to some degree , so I think that particularly I , I was reading the other day about , uh , Corpus Christi , Texas which has the MUMBLEx the highest , I think it 's Corpus Christi , that had the highest rates per hand gun death in America -- -- uh , per capita . Yeah , I was , I have not seen that , but , uh , I mean the Saturday night special stuff so , Yeah . That , that 's what I think about it , that 's some of the things I think about it , plus I do not know , what are your views ? Well , yeah , I tend to agree with you with , you know , it seems anymore , uh , a movie can not be considered good unless there 's just some , some sort of violence , 