I mean , you ca n't get the down to any size , you know . If you get four milk cartons and that fills up trash bag , you know pretty easily , so . You know , I guess we kind of started recycling after I moved here about a year and a half ago . Oh , really . We were using baby food and there was so many baby food jars , Yeah . kind of what started it . Yeah . Some of our neighbors were doing it and so , you know , when I found out some places to take it , and , um , like , um , they also take some things at the Flower Mound dump behind the fire station there , and I know that they 're going to use , you know , the money for that to build some kind of multipurpose field and that type of thing . Oh , that will be good . Put lights and stuff so , you know , if I 'm not going to get the money for aluminum , I would just assume give it to the city of Flower Mound . Sure . to do something with , you know . Let somebody get something out of it . Yeah . That 's true . And they wo n't raise our taxes . Yeah . Yeah . Ha-ha . Well , I was kind of hoping with , you know , do you work for T I ? No , I do n't . I have a friend , No . of mine told me about this program , is the reason that I 'm , Yeah . There was a , T I has got this organization called T A D which is T I'ers Against Drugs . And , you know , we 're recycling aluminum cans up here and , uh , just what you would buy out of the machines and drink here and there was crushers out in all of the hallways you know , and that 's , they use the money from that to fund this T I'ers Against Drugs Program . It 's , you know , T I does n't give them any money , all , everything is made from that . And they had talked about having a thing like , one Saturday a month , you could come and drop your aluminum cans off from home , you know , Yeah . And I 'm kind of like , yeah . I shall , they would do that because at least somebody was getting the money out of it , you know . That was going to use it for good , so , Sorry . Sounds like you have a little one just like I do . She 'll be two in July . Yeah . Mine was two in December . Oh . Well , it was good to talk to you . Well , it was nice to talk to you . I know they 've started over in Richardson where my dad lives . They pick up newspapers , I think . Oh , do they really . 