and I let it pretty much , I beat it like every minute for about ten seconds and it 's , it starts thickening , when it thickens the cornstarch might get a little , I do n't know , it gets like little globs of this rubbery cornstarch , and you just keep beating it in . And it 's the , the trick is , is to have this blender , so , if you were , you 'd have to probably almost go out and MUMBLEx someone who 's just going to make it first time , it 's , you 'll have much better luck if you had one of these little blenders . Huh . And then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened I cook it for a good , once it starts boiling , I just , I cook it for a good seven minutes , Uh-huh . seven to ten minutes and then you can make chocolate or you can take it off and let it cool MUMBLEx you put , um , really good vanilla favoring in it and some butter and that makes french vanilla , um , custard . Yeah , Oh , wow . That is really interesting . Are you saying to use like , um , for chocolate like , unsweetened , A chocolate powder . unsweetened ? Yeah , that cocoa , yeah , the unsweetened . It comes in like a real dark can , Yeah . our mothers used to use it . And then , Ri- , I have some . Yeah , we all used to , I just want to , yeah it 's the unsweetened kind it 's not like Nestles Quik . Right . Okay . I suppose you could use that . I- , Cooking chocolate . Yeah , but , um , That 's really interesting , I 've never heard of anybody making their own pudding before that 's really neat . Well , I used to make the regular pudding , the chocolate and put it in the pie shell and if it would sit in the refrigerator for a day , where you cut the pie , it would soak into the pie shell and it was like red , and I 'm like , oh , this is kind of groedy . Well , how did you get a recipe for pudding on your own ? Um , actually I found it in one of my mother 's , um , homemade cookbooks , I mean , Is that right ? something she had collected out of WOMAN 'S DAY or something . Oh , neat , So , that is just really neat . Because I , I think you could n't make it with a hand whisk or , or a regular beater but , um , It would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good . Yeah , but I still think a beater would do it good enough , um , the trick is to get the cornstarch , Uh-huh . um , yeah right in the , in the lukewarm milk . Sometimes I put the cornstarch in a separate bowl and I would put it in the sink and I 'll take my lukewarm milk and put it in the cornstarch and beat it good . It seems to be better than putting the , the cornstarch into the liquid it , once it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top . So you put the milk in the cornstarch ? 