true today . You know ? Yeah , there is a -- S- , -- a big difference in the , uh , economic , um , status of , uh , people although I think that has been true , uh , always . Um , perhaps there 's less of the middle range then there was . Yeah . It 's like people are starting to give up hope and they start out very poor . Let 's see , that 's a bad tangent to get on . What else has changed between the sixties and the eighties -- Uh , -- and the nineties ? No . I think , uh , m- , in my situation , I have three children and we 're , uh , home schooling . So , education , you know , things that relate t- , to education , um , are things that I think about a lot . Um , I think that , and I think that involves social changes a lot . Uh , for instance , I think the schools are having more and more problems because of , uh , things that are happening socially in the world around them and in , in , t- , because of their parents and things that are being taught in the home are not taught in the home , rather . More not than are . And children being put in day-care centers from very early , and , and I think that a lot of these things that have been happening , such as the day-care centers and things , are having a big effect on the social changes . Because of the way children are being raised , they 're not learning the values they need to learn . Yeah . And they 're not , um , th- , they do n't have the self-esteem that they need to have and they do n't have the , um , a solid family life that they need to have to confidently and deal with the things in the world . And , uh , I think we 're seeing a lot of rebellion and things because of that and the things like the gang , gang things that are happening and , and , um , Yeah . It seems , so that , yeah , that is a pretty big change . It seems , even not just single parent families but with no guidance but it seems like , some of these even ladies that , that 'll work and have , Yeah . a baby and then , you know , after two or three months , go back to work . Yeah . Oh it 's , You know , well that , that , I mean that 's very , young for a baby . That 's really sad . I think that a lot of people , and they think they have to but , Yeah . I , I think that if they really tried , they would n't have to . And , Yeah . I , I think that if they did n't that , and it became more of the standard not to that , uh , I do n't know maybe companies would start paying men more so that their wives could stay home . You -- Yeah . -- know ? And have a more solid , uh , foundation for the kids . Yeah . I mean they 're going to , like you said , I mean , there 's , they might be saving money , I mean even if they had to pay more now , I mean in the long run it 's going to cost society more to -- 