So , we 're in the process of , uh , revitalizing the whole situation . We 've got , um , different flower beds in front and , uh , a window box , a built in window box , um , trying to get some color back in those , get the trees trimmed up , uh , get rid of a few weed problems and things like that . Huh . So , What part of the state do you live in ? Uh , I live in Dallas . Oh , okay . Okay . My wife and I , we live in Dallas too , so . Okay . Yeah , just what that area , we 're planning on moving to Flower Mound , and we 're going to be getting some wheel h- , we 're going to have to do a lot of lawn and garden work there . Yeah . Seems like it . Uh , the place we 've been living at , it 's , uh , we 're , we 're just leasing it . The , in Plano , and the soil has so much , has such a high clay content , Uh-huh . that , uh , uh , I went to use my dad-in-law 's tiller and it about for my arms off , I 'll bet . sockets . I 'll bet . I mean just , just scratching two or three inches was just a chore . It was , it was and then when it gets wet , you know , you do n't even want to get out in the yard , Right . it 's horrible . Right . It 's a nightmare . But , um , I do n't know what , what i- , um , where you live is there a real high , uh , alkaline or ash content or , Yeah , it 's pretty high alk , w- , ac- , actually it 's done , uh , it 's in the north end of Oak Cliff in , uh , Kessler Park area , Yeah , yeah . and , uh , we 've got about , I know right where that 's at . yeah , we 've , we 've got mayb- , maybe eight to eight inches to a foot of soil , Uh-huh . and then it 's solid rock from then on down , so . Really . Yeah , it 's , uh , a little aggravating , , we ca n't , we ca n't put in anything too big , um , as far as , uh , shrubs and things like that because they 've got to get a chance to find the , find the cracks in the rock . Golly . But , uh , Is it , is it limestone under , underneath ? Yeah , it is . It 's , it 's solid limestone . How do you put trees in there ? Uh , you just , we 're just happy that there 's trees already there so far , Huh . um , anything like that is , is a , uh , major undertaking I guess , uh , sprinkler systems or anything , uh , start to get real expensive because there 's an awful lot of work that has to be done chopping through the rock . But , uh , and it , you know , no- , , not even , consider , considering a pool or anything like that , that 's , that 's , Oh . practically has to be blasted in I guess . But , uh , and it makes , it makes for a , a different challenge , I 've never , well , I , I moved to Dallas about five years ago , Yeah . and , uh , I never really , messed with anything , uh , gardening or anything like that until now , but , uh , I , I keep hearing all the stories of , of different parts of town . In fact , uh , we even , we were at the farmers market yesterday and bought a few tomato plants and things like that , Uh-huh . and the first thing the , the old guy there at the stand asked is what part of town we lived in because he said , uh , I 've got , I 've got a dozen different varieties and each one works in one part of town and that 's it , That 's basically what he was trying to tell us . Yeah . Oh , yeah , we , we tried planting tomatoes last year and it , they , they turned out pretty poor . Yeah . I just , I wi- , I just wish I 'd known the , , the variety and everything . Yeah it , But it , it 's amazing we also have roses , and , I mean , they just grow so beautifully . Yeah , that wou , in fact , we put in some , uh , some more roses yesterday . Like what , um , what type roses ? Uh , different , uh , a few different , uh , hybrid tea type varieties . Oh , hybrid teas . Yeah . Yeah , we , we have a few , uh , of the real short stem . They 're kin- , they 're kind of like the bush roses . Okay . But , uh , I do n't know I think it 's , I think it only has about five or six more years to go because it 's a , it 's a really old bush , Yeah . and but I , I , I 'm amazed because the sun is so intense , and the roses just seem to survive just fine there . Yeah , that 's , we , that 's what we 're searching , uh , we 've got , we 've got all the different lake editions around the house and we 're , we 're kind of experimenting right now . Uh-huh . We do , we 've got the direct sun in front 