A friend of mine gave me a clock kit -- Ooh . -- and , I , I needlepointed the face , and I , uh , kept that because she gave me that . So , That , that would be definitely something you 'd want to keep . Oh , yeah . And it 's real neat . Was , was the whole face done or just the numbers , and , and , like minute marks ? Um , basically , the whole , well , no , I guess the minute marks , but the minute marks are done , they 're like hearts . Oh . And then the , at the numbers they , they 're kind of outlined and stuff . It , it was quite bit of work , but , you know , it was a lot of fun , too . I really like doing stuff like that . So . I did some needlepoint years ago , and then I got into the Bargello . Oh , what 's that ? Well , it 's an Italian , um , needlework , using , using the uh , I started to say the canvas , but the , uh , huh , what kind of cloth uses that . I , I 've just gone blank . But it 's used with yarn , and it usually takes long stitches over two or three openings in the cloth -- Huh . -- and you weave intricate patterns and use different colors . Like it could be a flame stitch where so rather than drawing a picture you 're making a design like a geometric or whatever , and it was used quite often in the colonial times to , uh , uh , to upholster chairs , and so forth , as well as the crewel , um , embroidery work that was done on them . Wow , that 's interesting . What did you , what kind of things did you do ? What I did , when I was doing that was mostly pillows , you know , for sofas and so forth , and I ca n't find one that I 've done . Oh . It 's one of those things I did , I did n't give them away , but I did n't know if it 's been my color choice or multiple moves -- Yeah , -- or , or what , and it , I was so proud of them when I got them finished , but I have no idea where they are . What did you call that ? Bargello . It 's B , A , R , G , E , double L , O Huh . That 's , I 've never heard of that before . I 've probably seen it , though , I suspect you , I mean , when you described it . I suspect you have . Yeah . I mean , when you described it , it sounded like something , you know , that would be around , I guess . But , I 've never heard of it before , and it 's really interesting . Um , I guess I 've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past , but I 've kind of gotten out of that . I use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows . Me , too . Really . 