Uh , that , not all of them are being convicted of it , that , that , the , the , they 're not even being charged with that appropr- , I agree with you that , that , Uh-huh . a person 's heart can be changed , but the same God that can work that miracle also established the laws that said , um , for certain kinds of sin , certain kinds of , of , uh , breaking of the law , there would be a capital punishment . Uh-huh . Right then it was , it was , uh , almost immediate . Uh-huh . As soon as , as the trial was over , then it was stoning . Right , but , in , in the Old Testament , We do n't have a speedy trial , we do n't have speedy , um , punishment and so it kind of loses its meaning , Uh-huh , yeah . if you sit on death row for months and years and so forth . Right , we do n't , well , yeah we definitely have lost the Judeo-Christian ethic of the judicial system for sure , but the ba- , the base is still there , the foundation is still there , though , bu- , of the system , but , I know what you 're saying , uh , but also , they 're under a law , because we have n't been removed from the law we 've just been taken out from under , under a law . Because under the law if your child mo- , back talks you , he would be stoned . That 's correct . He , under the law he would be stoned , so we 've been removed from the law , of un- , from being under the law but we 're still , you know , we 're still accountable to it . We do n't need to back talk , but , you know , it 's like God changes your heart to not do that . He changes your heart not to look upon a woman in lust . Because in the Old Testament , they could look all they wanted , just could n't do it . But in the new , he 's looking at your heart and so , I guess that 's what , what I mean by their character changes and , you know , what I mean , it 's like looking beyond what they 're doing and looking at a heart and seeing what is the heart , what 's the character showing me here . And , those , and then any of , if I do n't think see , if I do n't believe that there 's not a character change and the authorities agree , that this person needs to be excused , I believe for murder , uh , rape , I even believe incest , things , Uh-huh . that will permanently damage , uh , the character of the child . I believe crimes against children should be punished bu- , by , by death . I believe , I tend to agree on that , very strongly . sexual crimes , unless there 's a true change of character . And that 's where we just have to , to trust the authorities . And they 're not going to excuse people , if it was , was run like that , I do n't , there would probably be very few exceptions to that and if it was done quickly and done swiftly and , but it 's not , because the judicial system has rejected , they 've rejected the answer to all these problems they have , pretty much . Plus the , all the judicial system is overloaded with , Right . all kinds of , um , problems , and crimes and so forth and then all of the , um , civil things that clog the courts , Uh-huh . and having sat on both , uh , uh , criminal and a civil , uh , jury , Uh-huh . some of what goes through our courts is a total waste of time . Yeah . Because we 're suit happy . 