but I did n't want to go through the , uh , the hassle that the law schools put you through , because I never did want to be a practicing attorney . I just wanted a law degree . Uh-huh . And I 've since discovered that I would be far better off being in the paralegal field . Yeah . Because that 's the nuts and bolts of the law , and that 's what I like , and you do n't have to put up with all the B S that the lawyers have to . Right . So that 's , that 's what I 'm pursuing right now -- Um . -- and I 'm pretty happy with it so far . Yeah , yeah , I 'm , I 'm pursuing what they , what 's , what 's called an interdisciplinary field . I 'm a speech therapy major -- Uh-huh . -- and fortunately I have a lot of , I have a good medical background , Yeah . and , that 's probably very useful . Yeah , it 's , it 's actually turning out to be more , more useful than what I thought . Uh-huh . And , um , I also have a good languages background , linguistics . Uh-huh . And some psychology . So , it 's all working together . Yeah . The only field I 'm not familiar with really is education , which is required , MUMBLEx requires about four or five different fields -- Oh , good grief . -- really . So it 's a , Yeah , I thought at one time I wanted to be a teacher , but I , I quickly dispelled that idea when I became a substitute teacher for a while , just to get my feet wet . Uh-huh . I said , uh , I could n't do this everyday . No way . Well . Maybe , maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing , but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing . Oh , so you are a disgruntled graduate student . I am a dis , I am , I am just a disgruntled person all around . Oh . I 'm the , uh , I 'm the , uh , original , uh , Mister Scrooge , I guess . Yeah , Bah , humbug . Yeah , bah , humbug . Yeah , I just , I , I , I think , yeah , there is , I , I , I think , uh , law would be a fine field , a fine profession , fine field to go into . Um , I know one time I was in a political science class , and you know , talking about fields , people going into different fields , I made an off , off the cuff remark about lawyers , about their integrity being questionable . And I mean , oh , that was like a can of worms . 