some things we ca n't do , but , but then we have n't needed to either , Yeah . you know , um , but we 've been able to do what we can . Wow , that 's neat that you ev- , you even reach the limits of yours . I have n't even begun to reach the limits , No , but I , mine is not as good as a P C , uh , Junior , yeah . uh , Junior , yeah . Yeah , ours is a Commodore One Twenty-eight . Yeah . And it , it 's not quite as , um , as useful , not quite as powerful . Yeah . They , So , say that Commodore has made a good , um , P C for the price , though . They did , yeah , that 's very true , that 's very true , they did . Very competitive . I do n't even , I do n't even know much money my sister spent on hers , but I , I just thought I , it 's , it 's going to be a waste , she 's not going to do it , not going to use it . Oh , well . Sounds like he , that you were right . Yeah . Well , she likes it , she gets to write her reports , but like I say , Yeah . she could have bought a much cheaper model and done what she wanted . And she could have bought a typewriter also . Yeah , a typewriter with memory would , would have been fine , Yeah , it 's all she ev- , uses it for . yeah . Um , I think it might have a spelling editor on it , I 'm not sure . Yeah , it , yeah , it prob- , if , sh- , if it does n't she could easily put it on . Yeah . Yeah , Yeah , right . that 's one of , the one great thing about it . Right . Which program did you use ? Did you use Word Perfect ? Um , no , I , I really do n't , it 's , it was six years ago . Oh , yeah . She pretty much set it up . She goes , here , this is , you make your file , and then you can , uh , edit it . Right ? Um , I used the one , the one at work a lot , um , matter of fact , anything I 've had to write from now on , I had to ca- , God forbid , write a couple of resumes , and I was just great , and all you have to do is just put it in a , uh , the sp- , spelling check mode , Uh-huh . And I do n't even have to look my , my words up anymore . Yeah , they 're great , you 're right . Well , Oh , I guess we 've spent our time . I need to go help my daughter do something , so -- Okay , good . -- this has been fun talking to you . Okay . Good luck . 