just everything , I mean , cannibalism and everything else , uh , Yeah . Hang ? . Because , I mean , that 's just awful . And what is he going to do prison to the other people ? Right . Well , I have a hun- , I have a hunch that , you know , the other prisoners are n't going to be too happy with him anyway . Either , I mean , you know they , I do n't know , from , from what I hear about jail life is not any way to live . Right . But , uh , I do n't know . It 's just , Well , I was , I saw on a human interest story , or whatever today , there was a woman who was just being paroled and trying to make it back , she -- Uh-huh . -- was off drugs and everything , but she said , uh , you know , in prison you can get anything . You can any drugs you want . There 's , it , it 's just like being outside . You know , people -- Really . -- find ways around . And there 's a power structure that you have bow to and , and , it really is n't , for some people tha , who have been there for over , and over , and over , it really is n't , uh , as bad . I mean , there 's , it 's not that bad of a life as it should be -- Yeah . -- b- , for the punishment aspect . Yeah . But the society is turned against punishment and more towards rehabilitation and -- Yeah . That , -- maybe that 's why , one of the reasons why crime has gone up , because it 's not so scary anymore . Yeah . Well , you know , especially like repeat offenders . It , it just appalls me that they can be out , you know , they even get a ten year sentence and be out in , in two , or three , or four years . You know , that 's , that 's scary because , you know , I 'm not sure , I think we 're paroling them without even knowing if they 're , you know , going to be committing any more violent acts or not . Right . And what they 're going to be doing when they -- Right . -- get out . And , it , it 's , it 's really scary . I me , you know , I , I do n't know what the perfect solution to that is but I know that especially with violent crimes where , you know , you 're nearly a hundred percent convinced that they 're guilty and without much repentance or anything else , you know , then , I do n't know , I , I guess , I , I just really do n't see much use for this guy in Milwaukee , you know . For instance , I mean , that 's just , I could see capital punishment in a case like that . And , you know , for , for other people , too , that do things , like that . But , uh , when , uh , my wife and I are both participating in this survey and she picked up the phone and when she heard the topic , she said , capital punishment , so she was , uh , 