Well , I , I 've been , uh , I have probably had more time than you have to think about this subject , Uh-huh . so I 'll tell you , is it a serious problem ? Yes , I do -- Yeah . -- believe it 's a serious problem . Uh-huh . However , there are solutions to it . Uh-huh . And foremost , uh , where we compare w- , that we are now doing fifty percent of our , uh , people are voting . Uh , we 're probably making a comparison against , uh , some European and , uh , and , uh , uh , s-s-say , newer republics that , uh , Uh-huh . that have very high percentages . Uh-huh . Uh , so , uh , one of the reasons , uh , that , uh , o- , one of the reasons that we could get , uh , one of the reasons that it is lower in the United States is that mostly we hold it on Tuesdays . God knows why we hold it on Tuesdays . And then we further -- What ... -- complicate it by saying , you know , we will keep the polls open until eight o'clock . Right . Most people , uh , a great number of people now work at various , at different jobs that , if a third of the people are shift workers , they wo n't be able to get to the , to the polls in any case . If they , uh , have to work late into the evening and not get up . My solution Right . to that is that we hold it on Sundays . As do probably sixty to seventy percent of the European countries now . Oh , really , they hold it on the weekends ? They hold it on the week- , no they hold it on a , either a -- Sunday . -- Saturday or a Sunday , Uh-huh . or at least a day when , when , uh , a great number of people are not working . Huh . I- , in America that is not true because a , a great number of people work on Sundays . Well , uh ... Bu- , but that is one of my solutions . Uh ... I , I know here in Dallas that they have just instituted in the last couple of years , a , uh , a real long period of time that you can absentee vote before the elections . And they , I do not think they have seen a really high -- Have you absentee -- -- improvement . -- voted in , in -- No . -- in Texas ? No , I always vote . Well , I have absentee voted in , uh , New Hampshire , and it is a fairly , fairly complicated process where you have to go -- Oh , really . -- pick up the ballot . I do not say that it is that complicated , but part of the process also is that you must register , preregister at some particular point . New Hampshire is fairly easy but other states -- Huh . -- you have to register every couple of years . And , uh ... To absentee vote specifically ? Well , to vote , to vote , to just vote . Oh . So registrations are perhaps a , a problem also . And we 're the mobile , mobile society , uh , Uh-huh . People are always mo- , you know , one out of every seven people moves every year . Uh , th- , that is almost a fourteen percent turnover every , Uh-huh . you know , if you compound that , that , uh , eh- eh , th- , i- , if it is difficult to register to vote , that would remove your eligibility to vote . But I do not think it is difficult enough to prevent people who are motivated in the first place , Well . who , or , who are not just motivated who really believe that their , they , their voice is heard . I mean , and the people that I have talked to ... Well maybe that is another factor , the motivational factor . The motivational factor is probably ... Right . I think that is the biggest one . I ... That 's the biggest problem . I ... 