Where are you in relation to Sevren ? places to , are you close to Sevren ? No , we are west . Okay . Sevren is east , near the eastern shore , Well , I just , if I had , I have a sister that used to live in Sevren . Uh-huh . And they bought their home in I , I want to say like around nineteen seventy-five or something like that , and they paid like , they , they had it built from , you know , they , they designed it and everything , and to have it built they only paid forty thousand for it , and when they left the area they sold it for a hundred and twenty thousand . Oh , that 's not unusual , yeah . Yeah , so I just wondered , you know , if the whole area was like that or , Well , that 's , that area over there is not as expensive as in the , the immediate , you know , Washington area . Uh-huh . And so , we , uh , I was just looking , for example there is a , uh , condominium complex next to the apartment complex where I live , and I was over there recently looking at the possibility of buying a two bedroom condominium . And ninety-two thousand dollars for a two bedroom , which is essentially a two bedroom apartment . Um . Now , it was very nicely done . Yeah . I would have thought , Sounds like a lot of money though , Yes . I , sure . I ca n't , I ca n't envision spending that much money , and on , on something along those lines . Yeah . So , you know , it 's , y- , I guess you pay the piper but , Right . Plus the , the , the taxes around here are phenomenally , Oh , yeah . high . Uh , for the , and so , you , on that , it 's not unusual , for example , for somewhere around here on a , on a , on a , what we would , you know , what you described as your house and what I would describe as my house say , for example , in Pensacola , Florida , on that house with the homestead exemption and so forth and so on , might pay three or four hundred dollars a year taxes . Wow . May- , Yeah . maybe , you know , maybe a little bit higher than that now , but that same house here , you 'd pay almost six thousand dollars a year , taxes on it . Wow . Wow , that 's , 