Yeah , see a little bit of Texas I 've never seen before . Uh-huh . So , uh , how long have you been biking ? Oh , I guess as an adult for just about the past , uh , three years or so . Uh , you know , I guess last time I did it before that was college , which was about ten years ago . Yeah . And , uh , yeah , I guess I just never really thought about it much for a while , uh , until I suddenly discovered all my friends were basically biking a lot . And so I thought I 'd try it , too . Have you ever had a , uh , it 's kind of slightly off the subject , but you ever had a , uh , a blood workup done recently or since you 've been biking , No , I have n't , no . to see if it , because it really , from what I understand , it really improves your , uh , cholesterol -- Um . -- and , you know , it , uh , it kind of knocks down two of the big risk categories for coronary artery disease which is , uh , uh , low cardiovascular fitness , and also , uh , you know , the cholesterol . Uh-huh . It gives you increased H D Ls and decreases your L D Ls . Oh , that 's great . Yeah , so ... Yeah , I 've , I 've definitely noticed it 's had a good effect on my pulse rate , my resting pulse . Yeah . You know , it gets it down to about forty . Really ? Yeah . That 's good . Yeah . You say you ride about a hundred , hundred fifty miles a week ? Yeah . Man . That 's , that 's hard-core . On average , yeah . When do you get to begin with the winters and all that ? What time of the year do you usually embark on your , do you ride inside if you ca n't ride outside ? No , I 'm not that hard-core . I mean there are some people , in fact a lot of people will ride outside in the snow . They 've got a , uh , mountain bike , you know , with the big knobby tires . Yeah . And , I do n't do that . I basically , I , I pretty much lay off for the winter . Uh , I was thinking of getting rollers for the last winter , you know , because it will help your balance when you 're indoor training . Um . Uh , but I just , you know , more or less stocked , like an exercise bike and that kind of thing . , uh , but , yeah , I mean winters are kind of a problem so , I 'm more or less out of shape now that I 've been biking , I guess , this year for just a couple of weeks . Uh-huh . Uh , but , you know , up here , it 's only stopped snowing since then . Yeah . Uh , , but , yeah , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's pretty good . It 's , uh , the main , the main thing , I guess , for me is just to enjoy it because once it starts seeming like , you know , exercise and a chore , I 'll lay off it more . Right . So you , uh , change up your routes a lot , and keep a ... Oh , yeah , yeah . I try to go someplace pretty different , you know , every week . I rotate around , uh , about four different routes , uh , from my house or I 'll sometimes come in the school . It 's nice coming , it 's , it 's nice riding to school because it 's all along a canal path , uh , because it 's just , it 's along the Erie Canal up here . So , what school is it ? Uh , University of Rochester . Oh , okay . Yeah . So it 's fairly picturesque . Yeah . And , uh , so it 's , it 's , it 's a good ride as long as you 're not doing it every day , it 's a good ride . Yeah . That 's true . Sounds neat . Yeah . It 's kind of , I was wondering if I was going to talk with someone that never has exercised before and does n't want to and everything else , but got a guy that rides a hundred and fifty miles a week . That 's , uh , motivating . Yeah . That 's really good . Well -- Oh , it was good talking to you . -- good talking to you and keep up the good work . Okay , you , too . All right . 