Kathy ? Uh-huh . Do you , So , what is your , uh , family , what do you usually do as far as budgeting ? We have a very detailed budget . Because my husband is a finance major . Uh-huh . And we have , you know , we have money that we take out each month that we , uh , you know , for food and , and for , for gas and things like that . And then we put aside so much money each month for birthdays and for Christmas and for , uh , other things . Uh-huh . Then we take our major purchases we want to make during that year and we budget them into what we call our , our needs and wants list . Uh-huh . And so , uh , the things that , like a vacation . We have a vacation fund . We have a fund for the things we need . And then a , for the things that we want . Uh-huh . And , uh , and we 're continually putting into those , you know , each month how much we 're going to need and then we know the month that we 're going to have enough to get that particular item . Uh-huh . So we very rarely buy anything on credit . Everything we buy is paid for . Yeah . My husband is a finance major also . And , uh , we kind of have the same plan . Uh , we have one credit card and every month we put , uh , you know , the same amount in for retirement . Uh , and we budget , we 're , our , our new thing to our budget is we just had a baby . So we 're , budgeting , uh , each month , uh , an allowance for his education -- Right . -- starting now . Right . So that 's in our budget every month now . That 's the newest addition . But we too do the same thing as far as , uh , we have a set amount we take , oh , one big vacation a year and then maybe , you know , three small vacations . So we , you know , an , exact amount that we spend on that each year . Right . And , Uh , we have found that we spend less money if we pull out the money . Uh -- Uh-huh . -- instead of just writing checks for things . Uh-huh . If we actually pull it out and keep it in a safe here . I see . And we actually pull out the money each month that we want to put in for birthdays , that we want to put in for , uh , the vacation . That we put in for Christmas . Like you have a separate account for that then ? Well , a lot of that , uh , I do n't know how safe it is . I guess , uh , we keep it all in a safe here at the house . Oh , I see . Uh-huh . And so it 's actually pulled out . 