Well Jackie , uh , on taxes , I , I guess I would have to say , that I , that my opinion is that I do think Americans are paying too much in taxes . Uh , what 's your feeling about that ? I agree . I think taxes are high . Right , uh , where you live do you have a state income tax and a sales tax both ? Oh , yes . Uh-huh . Uh , uh-huh . In New Hampshire we have , uh , uh , no , no , what we call broad base taxes . No income tax and no sales tax . Huh . Uh , we tax business , uh , eight percent , businesses are taxed eight percent and we have what we call the five B s . Uh , th- , for our taxes . Booze , uh , butts , cigarettes , beds , uh , hotel room tax -- Uh-huh . -- bellies , a meal tax and bets , gambling . Oh . So , uh , we do have a very low tax rate , but you know , combined with the federal income tax . I think that Americans generally do pay too much in taxes and MUMBLEx . Right . Yeah , I , I agree and I , MUMBLEx think it 's about the time of the year when you just start getting , well if you do get money back from like jobs , I 'm still a student -- Uh-huh . -- so , uh , I only work part time , so I , I get a check back so -- Well that 's nice . -- from , from taxes but , Nice , nice to get a refund . Yeah . It is , but it 's not much . So . Uh-huh . Do you think that , uh , for whatever taxes we do pay that , uh , we are getting value for it ? No . Yeah . Uh , my , my opinion of taxes is that we just send money to Washington or to the state and they say they are going to send some back , it 's like giving yourself a tra- , it 's like one arm giving the other a transfusion . Yeah . You know what I mean ? Yeah . Uh , it , it really , uh , I should say one arm giving another arm a transfusion through a leaky tube because , Yeah . There you go . Right because , uh , there 's an old saying in amongst taxes and politicians that there 's a fly paper effect and that is that money tends to stick where it lands first and when you send it to Washington or send it to your state capitol , uh , a lot of it stays there and not that much comes back to you . Right , yeah . I do n't know . I , do n't seem like they are doing much with it , MUMBLEx I mean there 's plans there and now that they are voting and people , you know , getting into MUMBLEx drug and that stuff . Uh-huh . 