but I just do n't find the time that I can use it . Yeah . Right now I would rather not have one at home , because I would work at home . Yes . Um , we 've got a couple of portable lap top P C 's at the office that I end up bringing one of them home a lot , Huh-uh . to do work . If I had a machine already installed at home I would probably work just about every night . One of the reasons why I got mine , was before I went on maternity leave , they did n't know how they were going to do without me at work because , I am pretty much the , like you said , the guru , Yeah . in the office with the different programs and MUMBLEx any trouble shooting that there is , Huh-uh . and , um , so they did n't know how it was going to work , they knew they were going to have to get a modem so that we could , MUMBLEx in the decks machine so that we could , in my home , so that we could make it through this eight weeks or so . Yeah . But , uh , you know , it 's , uh , it 's almost like we could become too dependent on them . Yeah . And oh , I , we use a lot of free lance . Huh-uh . And , uh , that 's , uh , pretty much takes up a lot of our day so for as producing transparencies and things . Yeah . And , um , it , uh , compared to the way the things have upgraded , Right . Have , uh , really , what 's the word I 'm looking for , I 'm just totally drawing a blank . But , uh , the way things have changed over the years with the P C and the different programs is just great . It 's remarkable the things we can do now , and compared to , you know , a few years . Yeah . Just the power , I 'm , I 'm trying to , uh , get an updated machine . Mine , uh , is just putting along . And it 's not fast enough for a new four eighty six chip , but , uh , Yeah . I do n't know if my boss will spring for it . But I 'm determined to brake mine so he has to get me another one . We think about that a lot . Yeah . Well , that 's what I do . We had a printer , a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer . Huh-uh . And we had about ten people sharing this printer by , it was attached to like a central P C and you had to take your diskette to the P C to print something . Um , now that 's awful . So the first thing when I started working at this bank , is , I said , well , now first of all we need to all be able to share this P C without getting up . So I talked my boss into investing in a , it 's not a , uh , a uh , real elaborate local area network , Huh-uh . but we can share the printer and we can , uh , send files to each other , Okay . And we can mail , send mail messages to each other , Oh , okay . which is good enough , it 's what we need . Right . And then I talked them into buying a H P Laser Jet . Oh , yes . And that was a major ordeal to get him to buy it . But once he bought it , he has been so pleased . It 's , it 's fast , it 's quite , 