Yeah . Evidently , uh , that 's , that 's a big problem . Yeah , it 's amazing , uh , I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough , I mean , Right . to be doing what they 're doing , uh . When I was in college I , I enjoyed teaching , 'cause I did some teaching part-time and I really enjoyed that but I would n't want to go teach high school or junior high , it just , you know , all the problems . Oh , Lord , I mean , yeah , an , you talk about stress and pressure , I tell you what , it 's , uh , Yeah , they 're putting in fifty , sixty hours a week , I 'm sure , because they 've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready . Do , right . And , you know , and they 're being paid , probably half what most people being paid . Exactly , and , And we 're paying basketball people , you know , millions of dollars a year for , for what , you know . That 's right , and then they , uh , poof it off , you know , do like Tarpley . Yeah . But , uh , I MUMBLEx what gets me is I ca n't believe that Congress , uh , or , our state legislature ca n't come up with , uh , some kind of workable means to have funds for the school . You know , it 's , uh , I just do n't understand that . Yeah , it 's , uh . Now do you have little kids , or what ? No , uh , sure do n't , my wife and I 've just been married about two years but I have a sister that 's a , uh , school teacher , and , uh . Yeah , yeah , my wife and I have a , a three year old , almost four and a , a two year old . Okay . So we 're looking at the , the older one going to school next year . Not , not , well not this coming fall but the year after that . Okay , so it 's getting close . Yeah , he 's going to be going to kindergarten , so . Right . So , you know , we 're , we 're thinking about that . What 's that going to be like . Are they going to be taught nothing , or they going be taught something , we 're going to , we 're going to be involved in our child 's education . We 're going to be teaching him what we can at home , of course , Right . because , uh , I guess we do n't trust the school system , which is very sad , uh , but . Exactly . But if it does n't start at home , it 's not going to go anywhere . Right , that 's true . You know , 