Right . And , Especially in some of these schools around here , I think they have about twenty percent older students . Yeah , and when you 're saying older , we 're talking fifty up . Oh , yeah , I 've seen some people that are really quite up there you know -- Uh-huh . -- they look like in their very late sixties and I say -- Oh , my , uh-huh . -- that 's great , why not , you know . Yes , why not because that 's a , a lot of times , well , it 's , I believe that , uh , we in that category , and I 'm not in that category quite yet -- No . -- but , we are seasoned minds . Oh , yeah , you 're really ready to learn finally . Yes , uh-huh . I mean , I do n't know why I even went to college when I was seventeen . Yeah , it was , It was a complete waste of money . Yeah , settle down , we know what we 're wanting to , to , uh , study and , uh -- Right , right . We , -- we know our limitations . Right and , uh , And we do n't try to burn the candle at both ends and in -- No . -- the middle altogether . We do n't go out drinking beer till three and try to go to class in the morning . At seven , yeah . We 're past , yeah , we 're past that age . Yes , we 're , we 're smarter now . We know what we can do . Yeah , right , uh , so let 's see . So mine I do n't spend a whole lot of time because they 're not here . Uh-huh . And so the second question , forgot what the second question , What was it , uh , h- , what do the trends in families and do we approve what other , families do . Well , uh , the trends in the families were to spread apart , do your own thing . That 's right . But I have seen -- A change ? -- lately , yes , I am seeing , I was going to say the same thing . I 'm seeing a change that , whoops , government ca n't do it , schools are -- Uh-huh . -- not able to -- Uh-huh . -- and between a person 's religion , uh , their , their faith in their maker -- Right . -- w- , whether , you know , uh , whether you 're Christian or Jewish -- Right . -- or whatever , uh , and the family -- Are going to have to solve some of the problem , huh . -- those are the two that can , that , that have the wherewithal and , of course , Judeo-Christianity , uh , and of the Jewish folks , too , believe that the family unit is the one that was given the , uh , uh , mission by the Lord -- Uh-huh . -- to do this very thing . So when another group of , of , uh , people step in , try to do it , they 're , they 're tromping on our territory , so to speak , so -- Oh . -- I firmly believe that , uh , 