-- little use that I 've gotten from my router , I would say , uh , I would spend my money on the bits . Uh-huh . Uh , I have a , I 'd guess you 'd call a medium quality Craftsman router and the , uh , How strong is it ? It 's strong enough for any job where you do n't try to take more than say three-eighths of an inch at a time . But the problem is that the , uh , as with any , any time you buy a , a -- Do n't they , -- tool with -- Uh-huh . -- a , a , as a , as a package -- Uh-huh . -- the bits that they give you are low end . So the price of a good set of , uh , carbide steel , uh , bits is probably , uh , I mean , a , a good set of bits is probably going to run you a hundred dollars and , uh , uh , if you 're going to use for a lifetime I suppose it 's worth it . Because y- , e- , uh , I imagine if I go and sharpen them myself , uh , they wo n't last . And I 've never had the bits sharpened . So . Uh-huh . That 's a thing to consider is to , They , they really get hot do n't they ? Yeah . And they , they dull after awhile . Especially , I did some cabinets in , uh , ash and oak -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , that , that wears a bit down . We remodeled and saved a bunch of really nice ash cabinets , uh -- Uh-huh . -- which had been in the original , remodeling of our kitchen . Right . And I saved them and built an oven cabinet out of one and another cabinet out of another by using the faces and so forth . And , uh , routing hardwood will , uh , take the edge off a cheap bit pretty fast . So . Yeah . I 've cut some one by eight oak before . Boy was that fun . Right . That 's , uh , Big solid pieces of oak are just -- And then you take the blade to the -- -- tough . -- to get sharpened , right . Well , that was , you know , with a , with a circular saw . Uh-huh . Like , oh my gosh . Right . Is this going to be fun ? Yeah . Well I 've used mine on treated wood and now all my blades need sharpening . Yeah . Because , uh , treated wood will also chew them up . Treated wood can really make you sick too . 