And one of the things that we 've run into a problem , course you 're familiar with the T I drawing , well , with any drawing system -- Right . Mils and microns . -- you end up with , you end up with things in inches -- Right . -- in parts of inches , you know , half , fourth , you know , this sort of thing . Right . And then you end up with a decimal , where you start getting into mils , and that sort of thing . Right . And then some of them are done in , you know , purely metric . Yeah , I remember that stink came around in the design area a few years back when it was all overseas designs were in microns and ours were in mils . Uh-huh . And it got to , you know , somewhere down the line they went standardized , they went microns , but , uh , you just , you know , you end up with all kinds of problems with converting your designs . Yeah . Oh , I can imagine . So . The , uh , the one that , uh , uh , have you ever lived in a country where they use metric . No . I was with T I in El Salvador for a while , and I had to get used to , you know , purely metric system down there , because they did n't understand anything else . You know , if you start talking about miles , they 'd look at you like , what . Yeah . So , I had a little bit of experience with it , and also I noticed in Canada they , uh , you drop a quarter , fifty cents , whatever , in a coke machine up there , and you get this funny looking coke , you know , it 's in a can that 's that 's taller but not as big around . Yeah . You know , I guess that 's some -- About half a liter . -- it 's not a liter , it 's like a half a liter or something like that . It 's a strange looking can . But my daughter in law 's from Panama , and she has , they have had Americans down there for so long , you know , that they 're kind of into both systems , but , uh , she gets real confused on distances and temperature is the big thing -- Yeah . -- the Centigrade -- I would have more problem -- -- for which she says Celsius . -- more problem with the temperature , except that , you know , working in engineering , we do everything in Centigrade , or Celsius . Well , I had kind of gotten used to centigrade temperature , you know , if it 's between zero and ten , it 's cold , and if it 's ten and twenty it 's not too bad , if it 's between twenty and thirty it 's pretty warm , It 's getting warm , right . if it 's more than thirty it 's just hotter than all get out . So , but , uh . The big problem is not having the , uh , the resolution between temperature , you know , between a hundred , if you 're talking about a hundred degrees or what , thirty , zero , you know thirty four degrees , whatever that is . You know , you do n't get all the little differences -- Yeah , it 's about . -- you know , the differences between seventy and seventy-two or seventy-five degrees is n't much , but the difference thirty and thirty-five degrees is , quite a bit . Is about twice as much , what it works out to . Yeah , five . One point eight times as many -- Yeah , something like that . -- points . Yeah , so . I , I think as long as people have a choice , they 're going to stick with the American way . 