and she 's happily married and that 's the reason she left the show . I guess she wanted a private life . Oh , okay , oh , see I , I , I watch it maybe twice a month , so , I do n't watch it everyday like I did when I had babies . Oh , well , I , I watch . Because I play lots of tennis and I 'm gone a lot , so , I do n't get to watch , I watch it everyday , religiously . I videotape it when I have to miss it . Oh , no kidding . Yeah . I use to be , I used to be like that . I 'm that way about a lot of different shows . I 'm that way about MURPHY BROWN , DESIGNING WOMEN . Now is n't DESIGNING WOMEN , do n't they have a new chick on there instead of the , instead of what 's her name ? Uh , yeah , there 's two new characters on there . There 's , um , uh , Jan Hooks from SATURDAY NIGHT LIFE . I do n't know if you know her or not . Huh-uh . That 's a show I like . And then , and then , uh , , uh , the blond headed girl that used to be on NEWHART . Oh , yeah , oh . I do n't like her on it , I never have liked her , so . Well , I , I just know which one she is . I do n't , you know . She 's taken the Suzanne 's part , and then Jan Hooks has taken Charlene 's part . Charlene was Delta Burke ? Charlene was Jean Smart , the blond headed . Oh , okay , well , see , I never watch that one either . I really do n't watch a whole lot of T V , just , you know , on Sunday nights , LIFE GOES ON comes on about the time that we eat dinner , and my whole family 's home , because I do n't allow the kids out on Sunday night -- Yeah . -- you know , because they 've got to go to bed and go to school the next day , and so we , we sit around and eat popcorn and , oh , then we watch AMERICA 'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS . Those are always pretty cute . Well , MURDER , SHE WROTE comes on opposite of that , and so , Oh , so you do n't watch that one -- Yeah I -- -- instead of , -- I pick nights pretty much so on T V that I watch different networks , but -- Sure . -- BEVERLY HILLS NINE OH TWO ONE OH , I , I watch it religiously . Yeah , we like that real well . It , be sure to watch it tomorrow night -- Uh-huh . -- because somebody 's getting killed on it . 