I n- , I remember the old days as a kid where bottle was a nickel . Right . And now , now most of them are throwaway . Right . So , maybe that 's one thing they can do . I think now they 're a lot more expensive than that . Uh , I bought some Cokes the other day in the br- , the little bottles -- Uh-huh . -- you know , and I think the bottles were like , I know they were at least ten cents apiece . I started to see , at home , I was like , God , how much were those bottles you know ? Yes . And , it was , they come in like , uh , eight and , and eight and ten packs , you know -- Right . -- instead of six packs and , uh , and they were like , it was like two dollars and something for the bottles . You know , I was like God Almighty , it costs more for the bottles than it did for the Cokes . That was my brother 's first job in a grocery store . He was in the bottle area . In the bot- , MUMBLEx . It 's pretty dangerous out there , you know , when they fall over , but -- Right . -- but it 's , uh , it 's quite , they say that the green glass now , that there 's a big glut -- Oh , really ? -- of green -- Of green glass . -- the green glass , yeah . It 's amazing . Well , out in this area , they really do n't have anything . Now , I know that like Minyard 's -- Uh-huh . -- and places like that around like Arlington and Fort Worth and a lot of those grocery stores , they have like four different bins out front . Right . Uh , different colors for different things and , and things like that , but I , I do know some of these places were doing that and they discontinued them because people were coming and dumping their trash in them . Right . Yeah it 's , I notice the plastic have sort of faded away , the milk jugs . Yeah . It , it 's , people just , they , they really do n't , uh , there 's too much labor involved I guess to separate the stuff . Yeah , more than it 's worth . It 's , I do n't know , it , it can be , it 's not as easy , selecting , you know , clean junk as they say . Right . Well , who wants to clean their junk before they throw it away . That 's right , that 's right . It 's like washing the dishes before you put them in the dishwasher . 