where I 'd use a small brush and , uh , try to keep the paint from dripping on the windows and things like that . Uh-huh . Well we only have on- , only one of our bathroom has a window in it so I 'm hoping that , um , it wo n't be too much of a , a problem . Uh-huh . Um , I 'm wondering if my bigger problem is getting the wallpaper taken down first . Because I , I think , Well I was going to ask if you planned to paint over it or try to strip it . No , I 'm , I 'm planning on taking it off . I have heard that they 've got these steamers you can rent now , which make it much easier to get wallpaper off . Um . Um , I tried to get wallpaper off once twenty years ago , oh , with a just a scraper and wet sponge and it took forever . I would not recommend that method . Okay . Uh , if -- Well that 's something that , that 's worthwhile checking into then . 'Cause I , -- if you can rent a steamer , if it 's modern wallpaper it should come off without too much trouble . If it 's really old , you do n't know what it 's put on with . It , it 's hard to tell , it 's , the patterns look like they 're nineteen sixties style . Yeah . And I know the house , um , was built around the mid fifties . Uh-huh . So it may be the original wallpaper . Could be , yeah . Um , if it 's vinyl it should be easier to strip too . If it 's paper it will probably shred . Um , in one bathroom it 's , um , it 's probably paper , uh , it 's silver , silver and yellow , Um , uh-huh . and white . Well the wallpaper that I was trying to remove was black , i- , this was in a bathroom too . And the , the tiles were sort of a mottled grey and had a little trim strip of maroon and white and the , the wallpaper in that bathroom had a black background and then it had vivid , uh , almost neon colors of hot pink and turquoise , and lime green and silver , and , uh , a little bit of yellow that looked like coral sands and sea horses and things like that . Um , that 's kind of an odd color for a bathroom . Oh it was awful , it was absolutely hideous and , and we had a dinner party before we started renovating it and a , a guest went in there and he said it 's a good thing I went to the bathroom before dinner because if I had had something to drink and went in there I would think I was having hallucinations . Really . Well I , I 've also been thinking about , after looking at all these magazines , um , these design magazines and stuff , I 'm thinking about maybe painting the bedroom walls too , in a color that will kind of , um , tie in our , um , our , um , our , uh , comforter , Uh-huh . with a color that 's kind of a , um , burgundy and green and yellow and blue and beige floral design . Uh-huh . Um , and I 'm not really quite sure , I do n't know if maybe I 'm biting off more than I can chew . Well I 'd say tackle one project first and see how it goes and if you discover you like it then you can always upscale . Yeah , well the bedroom would probably be the easier of the two because it would be just plain painting . Sure . It would n't be any kind of special , um , special effects type thing . 