Uh . But since it was a civil case it really did n't matter , right ? You just needed a majority ? Right . What was , what was the other case ? That was also civil ? The , the other case was just traffic , the , and , you know , it was seat belt law -- Yeah . -- and it , it did n't even hardly -- Oh , did n't really even count . -- go through , so . Yeah . I 'm , I 'm a college student so I have n't been , you know , a jury eligible age for very long -- Yeah . -- um , and , uh , I did get one summons actually at one point , but I declined it which I 'm able to do because I 'm a student , because it was , uh , a very bad time . Yeah . Well , you learn a lot going to the juries like that though . Yeah , I mean , I , I really , I would like to , uh , to do at some point , um , but , I , I have n't . Uh , one , one thing that I , I think is , um , you know , maybe is a problem is , uh , I , I think that the criminal jury system works pretty well now , but I wonder if maybe in some civil cases it does n't work as well . Especially sort of . I would n't think that it does -- How , wha , -- I mean , from , from my , from what I experienced in them , it did n't , you know , it did n't turn out the way I planned it , I mean , the way that I would think that it would go . Uh , you thought it turned out pretty well ? Yeah , but it was , you know , it was , jury was unorganized and it was , it was just was n't organized enough for me . Yeah . I 'm not used to it not being organized , and I just assumed that it would have been . Oh , so it was just kind of a zoo and the jurors just sort of , someone had to figure out what was going on ? That 's about what it was . Um . That 's interesting . Did it , did it work out pretty well in the end ? I mean , did a couple of people sort of gradually , sort of assume , uh , sort of a moderator role in the trial or , Yeah , they , well they picked one person , and then he finally , you know , moderated everything and made it turn out the way it should have . So it work- , it did end up working out pretty well ? Yeah , it ended up working all right . The one thing I sometimes wonder about , um , in civil cases is , uh , whether , especially sort of in , uh , maybe like pro- , product liability , or medical malpractice , where there 's , um , sort of a very technical decision to be made sometimes -- Yes . -- you know , it 's not just a matter of , um , of , you know , did this guy rip off this guy , and it 's just a matter of interpreting a contract , it 's sort of a matter of , um , you know , sometimes getting into very technical issues , and I wonder if , uh , if there 's really , um , if the system works adequately in , in educating the jurors about , uh , whatever , um , you know , issue is under discussion . I , I do n't think that they , they , they educate them enough to , to really know what 's going on . In , in the case you were involved in , you said it was just sort of a bank matter of some kind . So . Yeah , the , the bank was suing them for , uh , because they went to get the , the trailer -- 