So , That 's right . But it 's such a shame , because it could be so good . I do n't understand why , first of all , the public puts up with it . Well , that 's true . Second of all , why the networks think that , you know , we enjoy that kind of stuff . It 's hard to believe that nobody can be any more creative than that . That ca n't be the problem . Uh-huh . It must be the marketing pressures , and , you know , their demographic studies that they do that show , you know , that everybody 's I Q has dropped dramatically or something . I 'm glad you said it and I did n't have to . But that , that , that 's the , I feel the exact same way . I sit , I sit and watch some shows , and I 'm embarrassed for the people that are even involved in the show . I know . You know , why do you do this to yourself ? Why do you do this ? Yeah . I know , I 'm trying to think if there 's anything I do , you , like , uh , I like stuff that 's on Great Performances , and , I , we used to watch mystery quite a bit -- Okay . -- and things like that . Stuff I guess that mostly public , on public T V . Right . As a matter of fact , you know when I was a kid , excuse me , my parents used to have , we had this rule in our house for every hour of regular T V that we watched , we had to watch an hour of public T V . Now there 's an idea . That was just the rule . And if they saw us watching the , something , they 'd say , all right , what did you see on WHAT 'S NEW , or there was some other , the children 's program I think at the time was called WHAT 'S NEW . Okay , yeah . So we had to give a little oral report before we could watch our program . Yeah , yeah . That 's pretty good . Do you , do you watch sports on T V ? Are you a sports fan ? I ca n't handle it very long . Yeah . I , I mean , I 'm , I 'm a sports fan , but it 's , well , it 's kind of , it 's kind of like reading magazines any more . If half of the time was n't spent watching commercials , it probably would n't be so bad . Right , yeah . But , uh , it , it 's , you 're missing an awful lot . Yeah . I 'd rather , personally rather watch , see a game on T V than fight the crowds at the stadium . but uh , Yeah , that 's true , the traffic . But , uh , no , Uh . I do n't sit down , I 'll sit down for the big games , the Super Bowl , and the championship -- Yeah . -- you know , things like that . But I do n't follow any team . Uh-huh . I check the scores the next morning , and I know how everybody 's doing , and that suffices me . But , Yeah . I like , I like good comedy , good humor once in a while . Yeah , I , I enjoy that , but what do you , where do you -- -- do you get that come- . You do n't have cable now , I was going to say they have a comedy channel now . But again you 're in a situation where you 're watching mostly , uh , commercials , 