once you find the doctor that you like it 's not a problem . You know , a lot of people complain saying well , I do n't want to , uh , have to be told who I need to go to but , you know , if you do n't have a doctor anyway normally it does n't really make much difference . Yeah , that 's right . Because you can , you know , if , if you find someone you really like and then , we did find several good doctors . And , um , like you say it 's , uh , five dollars an office visit . And , um , my wife was in the hospital had our , had our daughter and I think her total bill was around three hundred dollars -- Oh , goodness . -- for everything . Delivery room and everything . Yeah . Include , including a private room because there was a little extra that she had to pay but that was , that was still included in that pr- , that cost so . Yeah . It 's really nice because they , th- , you know , their , their attitude is different than , than a regular , uh , insurance , uh , health insurance , uh , the , in , in a , H M O , you know , they 're trying to prevent a problem by , by keeping the cost down at the front end , Yeah . you know , and have you come in , you know , they , they charge five dollars a s- , Yeah . you know , pop , you 're more willing to go in and try , MUMBLEx . to take care of a problem before it grows big . As to a company 's benefit , to have a program like that because it keeps their employees healthy and on the job . Yeah . Because they do n't have to worry about going in and , and paying , uh , seventy-five dollars to have the doctor look at you for ten minutes . Right . That 's a , Yeah , I , I , uh , I , I really liked it . We both , my wife and I both did . You , you do n't have to worry about filling out forms , uh , you know , for reimbursement and all or , you know , getting paid eight percent of , of whatever . You just pay the , the five dollars right then and then you 're done with it . Yeah . But here again the , the doctor 's practices in hospitals , have gon , become fairly sizable businesses under themselves now . Uh-huh . Uh , you take a hospital , uh , the physical plant itself , you have to pay your share of the operating of that eight story building , uh , when the e , rooms are empty . Right . So , they spread the costs out over , uh , all the patient costs and , uh , that 's how you come up with aspirin that costs four dollars apiece and things like that . Right . The horror stories that you hear about people going into the hospital for a week and , uh , it being , a four thousand dollar bill . Well , they , and you know , they 're also p- , take , they 're taking up the cost of people who ca n't pay . Right . You know , they , they get a lot of , uh , a lot of , uh , people who are j- , just have to be there and ca n't afford it and so they , they know they 're not going to get pa- , Yeah . you know , get money from them so they , Yeah . have to absorb it somewhere else . Yeah . My daughter and son-in-law had a baby , here about , uh , what , he- , he 'll be three in August . Uh-huh . And , uh , their insurance plan that they 're under encourages you to shorten your stay in the hospital . 