I do not know if you listen to him or not , No . he 's on A M , but , ther- , there 's a fellow that had called in and was lamenting about the , there was an interview done on the assistant chief of police for Los Angeles , the guy under Gates , Oh , yes . and they were just really coming down on him because of some of the things he was , just some of the things that he believed in , some of his morals . For instance , uh , they asked him if he spanked his kids , and he said `` You bet , I believe in discipline '' . And people , I , I , I , I guess they confus , confused discipline with punishment . Yeah . You know . Yeah . And , just , it seems anymore that , uh , if , if you have , you know , this type of a moral stance , that people come down on you . It 's like , you know , hey , everybody has to be free to do their own thing . And I disagree , and I think that 's really contributing to this high rate of crime . Yes , yes . Well , I mean , I , I guess what I wanted to say and I stopped , uh , I do not know , I got diverted , was that , that , uh , there 's so mu , there 's so much of a return from pris- , to prison that the rehabilitation programs seem to be a failure . And , and that is not emphasized . I recognize there 's , there 's over crowding problems and , and since we have decided to put everybody in jail that commits a crime now , that that 's complicated the entire process . Yeah . What I also think that , I guess it 's the reflection of the society where , where we have so much more mobility and less attachment to , uh , you know , it does not seem to be any responsibility to the community where you , where you live or . I do not mean respons- , attachment and responsibility , I guess I mean any sort of , Well , nobody feels responsibility to do something . It 's like , oh boy , I wish they would stop doing that . Yes , that 's right . Yeah . Yeah I , I do not know how that 's , I do not think it 's done by , uh , the changes come simply by statutory nature . I do not know what it really will take . Um . And , I do not know if I have solutions , except , except to , you know , I am sort of a , a , an advocate of , of , uh , of letting people , of having free speech and I guess to curb , uh , television , uh , the violence on television and in the movies would be contrary to my beliefs in that . Yeah . However , there does seem to be a , right now in verbalizing , it does seem to be a higher need for something of that sort . Yeah , and then how many , And the sacrifice is not that great . How many studies have to be done to show that there is a link between , Yeah . you know , what you see and how yo- , I mean , what you see affects how you think and therefore what you do . Yes , 