-- and , uh , another reason , one of the arguments , that really , I really actually have been kind of ambivalent about it , but one of the arguments that really , uh , made me feel kind of strongly against it , is that , uh , you know , someone said to me once , well , imagine if the person you love most in the world , like your mother or something , if someone killed her , would n't you want to see them killed for the punishment ? But then I thought about it and I thought , well , the loss that I would feel at losing my mother -- Yeah , it would never be equal , -- someone else would feel that about that person -- Right . -- no matter how rotten they were , somebody loves them . Right . Yeah . How about you ? Well , I guess , you know , I , I guess I can see it from several different perspectives , but , you know when I hear about things like , you know , what they 've , what they 've been reporting about in Milwaukee , you know I , I , to me I do n't see any way of rehabilitating the guy . You know , maybe there is , I do n't know . Yeah , that 's true . But , you know , and , you know , he 's never going to be , to me , a functioning part of society . He 's already been either paroled , or whatever , for child molestation . Uh-hum . I mean , I do n't know , I just , I really have a hard time with that because he really sounds like a real sicko . And , you know , for the things he 's done , I do n't know , I guess it 's either , you know , put him in jail for the rest of his life , you know , or or capital punishment I guess . You know Right . Well you know that 's true , because um m- b- a lot of um these conversations I 've had on this program this these telephone conversations have revolved around um criminal Oh , really . you know justice . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Or whatever and most of the time I hear myself saying well you know we do n't have enough room left in the jails and people crime is still climbing and we need to have different punishments you know . Right . but I just am scared of capital punishment , I guess . I I mean you know there there is always that chance but you know I guess to some people it 'd almost be better to die to them than to spend life in prison or whatever I do n't I mean I do n't know but uh , you know , but that would be a situation where if somebody you know was gon na be , you know you you you really throw a lot on the courts , hopefully that they wo n't do that you know for any for any situation really . But , uh , you know , when I , you find somebody just like that situation , I mean , it was disgusting when I read about it today . And , and when you find someone like that , that you know is guilty , he confessed already to killing eleven -- 