is this the first year they have been up ? Yeah . Well , let me tell you , they do not come back very well at all . Maybe they will if , up further north . But down , and you are not that much further north . I have probably planted , oh , around here , um , maybe six hundred bulbs . Of hyacinths ? No , I have probably -- Oh , of everything . -- have done hyacinths . But I have just learned from doing hyacinths that if you really like them what you do is you dig the bulbs up and then you throw them away after they are done blooming . Because they do not take the heat here . And if they do come back next year , they are going to look real puny . Oh , they will ? Yep . Huh . About the only bloom , bulb that repeats well in my area is the , uh , uh , daffodil and some of the narcissus bulb . Okay . Now I have got some daffodils . And , we- , everybody down here calls these flags . Uh , the irises I guess , uh , They call them flags ? That is what they call them down here . They get , uh , just one bloom on the plant . I do not , I am not sure what they are called . When does it , But I do not much , Wh , when does it bloom ? Well , I think they are stopped blooming now , in the Spring . It -- And what color ? -- has got gr- , oh , they come in all different colors . The blooms are , on some of them is yellow , purple , white . Just all different colors . And you only get one of them ? Well , I mean , per bulb . You get one big flower that looks like a lily . I do not know what they are called . I have always called them , well , I do not know what I have called them . But when I come down here , everybody told me they are flags . You know what I bet you they are ? And I am a pretty , I am a pretty good gardener because I have killed a lot of things here and , and I have planted a lot of them . And , and I work on a , uh , landscape committee for our neighborhood . Uh-huh . And our neighborhood is a planned development with , I think , it is seven hundred and fifty-five families . Uh-huh . But we have about sixty acres that we have to plant . I am going to bet you that is a lily . Because it is , Yeah . It is some type of lily . And I will get , uh , is it , what color is , is yours blooming ? I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue . Which I would not , would have liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better . And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color . With little purple spots that it , it will fade into a solid purple . And what does the foliage look like ? 