Plano 's doing real good on that . They have , uh , they start off putting out great big huge garbage cans . Uh-huh . Which we 're supposed to put all our week 's garbage into it , and of course it does n't fit right now . Yeah . But now we start in May , breaking it down , and they 're picking it all up . Um . So they 're going to by , and we have to separate our papers , and our glass , and then , uh , they have one day for , like , um , oh , everything you picked up from your yard , Uh-huh . and we put that in disposable bags , and they pick that up on Monday . Um . So it 's really great . I , I 'm really going head , you know , completely for it , I think it 's marvelous . Well , that 's good . Well , Rowlett had sent , sent out a survey , not too long ago , um , in terms in how many people were interested in having a , a pick up , I guess , on the days they do trash or something like that . And apparently a lot of people responded to it favorl- , favorably , because they 're going to do it . I do n't know how , how soon they 're going to do it , or how organized it 's going to be , but they 're , they 're supposed to initiate that some- , sometime in the next couple of months . Well , does your , uh , where you work , do they also have aluminum cans pickups and things like that ? Um , I 've never noticed that . We do n't have a , a whole lot , because we 're in a hospital setting , so most of the things we have are through our cafeteria . Um , Well , down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your , you know , pop cans , and things like that ? Um , no . There 's , there 's only one pop machine and it 's not accessible to the cafeteria now , so , uh , mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea . So you do n't have much choice there . No . Not , not really . Well I work at , uh , J C Penny and last week they brought , they have a sign up that says for one full week -- Uh-huh . -- you bring in your old wire hangers and they 're going to recycle them . Um . So it 's getting people clean out their closets and such . Uh-huh . And then like , the week before that , they said go through your cupboards and any food that is still good , bring it in and they brought it down to the shelters . And , they have , one , two , they have three , I think , that I know of -- Uh-huh . -- for cans for people have pop , and they put them right near where they have the time cards . Yeah . And it works great . 