That 's right . -- force two people to work . Even though -- It 's already , -- it 's higher productivity is short-term . It already costs society much more because of it . You know it , trying to do all these programs like Headstart and things like those . You would n't have to do that if mothers would stay home with their children and do things with them , you know . Yeah . Um , there 's , and I think , uh , a lot of it is selfishness . People have become very selfish . They do n't want to stay home with the kids -- Y- , yeah . -- or something like that . There are a lot of two parent , um , situations where the woman goes back to work because that 's what she wants to do , you know . Oh rather than she needs the money -- Rather than that , -- just she wants the -- she has to have the money particularly . -- stimulating environment . Or , maybe there 's a small need for money so she does it partly because of the money but partly for herself , too . Huh . It , You know , Yeah . It 's interesting how , w- , uh , home study . Is that what you said ? Home school . Home school . Yeah . Is that , uh , is , is it like , uh , a preschool level then or through -- No . -- grade school or , I , I have , uh , one going into fourth grade and one starting kindergarten and then a preschooler . Oh I s- , And one on the way . Oh , well you sound busy . So you 're teaching them , Yes . completely , Yes . Huh . And I think , uh , it 's becoming , uh , more popular then it has been for a while , I think . Home schooling 's always been around but , uh , I can see more and more families going to it because of the problems in the schools . Um , and a lot of it is discipline problems . Yeah . A lot of it is , and you can tell which kids have been in day-care centers . It , it 's really obvious to look at them and watch the way they act and things . Yeah . That , um , they 've been raised in a day-care center . Yeah . That 's pretty sad because , I mean , I do n't know , something 's got to change with the schools . That 's what it all boils down to in the end , usually anyway . Well , I think it 's going to , When they 're young , change in the homes before anything -- Yeah . -- changes anywhere else . The home is the base , it 's the basic unit . And that 's the , where it all starts 