Okay , let 's see . I think , uh , I guess , if I call I 'm supposed to start . I think , uh , that 's the way everybody has done it so far . Okay . But , anyway I think that , um , we are paying a lot in taxes , but I think that we have a government and we have a lot of freedoms , and we have a lot of things that the governments do with our money . Um , we 're probably one of the , the only countries in the world that has all the things that we have . The , you know , as far as the quality of the streets , the school systems , um , the hospital stuff that the government gives money to . Um , the , you know , all the things that the government does like that . I , uh , I think they need to manage it a little bit better , but I do n't think , uh , anybody is just going to come in and fix it in a couple of weeks , because they 've been messing it up for many years , now . So , I have to agree that . Yeah . And you 're right . We , I mean , we , you know , we do have a good government . We do have a lot of things that , you know , that , you know , the taxes are there to support , but I do think they 're mismanaged and I think that sometimes it 's too easy of a , I do n't know , to easy of an answer . It seems to say , I 'll tax them if you ca n't get enough money , instead of trying to figure out how to cut budgets or cut spending or , or , you know , get all of the waste out of the spending . Huh-uh . Uh , I do n't know what y'all are paying in Dallas , but , you know , it seems like we pay the state , you know there 's a , the taxes set by , you know , the state and the city can add theirs , and the county adds theirs , and , you know , we 're paying almost eight percent sales tax , right now . Which seems to me nuts . I came from California and , you know , when I left there , we paid six cents on the dollar , and that was like one of the highest in the nation . Right . I think it 's seven here . Yeah . Seven point something . Yeah . Ourselves is seven point seven five . Huh-uh . Whole state . Yeah . It drives me crazy . I 'm thinking , you know , everybody is sitting here screaming about , we do n't want a state income tax , but yet they allow the sales tax to go up and up and up and up and they do n't do anything about it . 