we were in Ireland last year -- Uh-huh . -- and I know that the tax there is extremely high , much higher than we pay here , but -- Oh , yeah . -- but as far as other countries , I 'm not , uh , up to par on . I think Japan , I think Japan is probably about equal to ours -- Uh-huh . -- and other major countries are higher . Our friends were amazed that the sales taxes , the cost of things when they went to Canada not so long ago . Uh-huh . And , as a whole , most other countries have a higher level of cradle to grave government services , and -- Right . -- it 's a real , real , they 're , they 're real trade-offs there . Right . Yeah , but , and , and you sit there and wonder , um , I guess this does n't really have to do with taxes but just money in general , and , and , um , wondering if you 're going to have enough when you retire to live on . Uh , I , that 's , that 's a scary thing that there 's no , no real knowing about . Uh , the , the there 's a lot of inflation risk that is n't taken care of in most private pension plans . Uh-huh , yeah , that 's true . But , um , are you involved with the legislature up there , or which , No , I 'm at the National Institute of Standards and Technology . Uh-huh . Uh , part of the Commerce Department . Okay . Here in Gaithersburg , Maryland . Uh-huh . I was just wondering since you said Washington D C , and you , and you picked this topic , I was just -- Well , well -- -- kind of curious . -- I , I , I did n't pick it , uh -- Oh , you did n't . -- I mean , um , I , like I do n't really recall . I may have filled out on the , on the form , but I , I certainly , certainly have the feeling I 've been given topics different from the ones that I mentioned before . Oh , did you . See , I have n't placed any calls . Did they automatically assign the topic ? Yes , yes , when you place a call -- Oh , I did n't -- -- topic is given to you . -- know that . I thought whoever made the call could choose what topic , because I have n't made any calls yet . I 've just received some . Oh , you should try it . Oh , I did n't realize that . Okay . Yeah , because it 's kind of a , it can be a rather controversial subject depend on who you 're talking to . 