Also , uh , the , the family environment , you know , you can come to south Tyler where I live and you have got room mothers in every room , you 've got art mothers , you 've got every , every holiday , there 's parties . All these kids have these really supportive , really supportive parents , always up there for -- Yeah . -- something . You can go to north Tyler to the schools and the parents might not could even tell you what their kid 's teacher 's name is . Uh-huh . You know , uh , that has a , a whole lot to do with it , you know , as far as their learning , I mean , if the parents are n't , uh , you know , willing to go with the kids and find out what they 're learning and if they 're learning -- Uh-huh . -- you know , they really do n't have much of a chance -- Yeah . -- at all . Why is that ? Huh ? Why is that ? Why you asking , You j- , they just do n't , I mean , I mean , I 'm , I 'm up there at my kids ' school , I know what they 're learning and if they 're up , I call and find out , you know , is she having problems , does she need help with anything , no , she 's doing fine , okay , you know , uh , and I , I know kids that their parents could really give a rip and the kids -- Right . -- are not motivated . Right . They have no motivation from home , so they just go to school and , you know , eh , you know , I 'll get through the day , and , uh , bring homework home and , there 's nobody to , to sit them down and say , you 're going to do this . Right . Uh , just , you know , they , they take a notion to do it , they do , and , uh , that does n't work either , you know , they have to have guidance and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , they ca n't just have it at school and then come home and there 's nothing , you know . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , I know that that , that was a big factor for me . I ended up coming out of , of the public school system very well -- Uh-huh . -- and was very good education , uh , ended up getting some scholarships to go to college and -- Uh-huh . -- which has been , you know , which is really nice , and -- Yeah . -- I think the difference for me was that my parents were , you know , they were definitely , they were always there , was , like , well , yeah , of course you 're going to study and do well and that 's the way , of course , are you , 