That 's pretty tough . What area do you live in ? I live in Houston . Oh , okay . I see . Is that pretty typical for your area ? Well , for the neighborhood I 'm in , yeah , Yeah . This is one of the more established neighborhoods , Huh-uh . That sounds real interesting . I live in a suburb of Dallas and , uh , I live in the basic three bedroom , two bath home . So , at least , I have two bathrooms . That 's not so bad , but , uh , it 's pretty typical for the area , as well . Uh , I 've always been interested in older homes , personally . So , I think you can end up doing more with them , it seems like . What about yard space ? Do you have lot of , a big lot , or anything like that ? The whole lot I 'm sitting on is roughly half an acre . Oh , I see . About half of that , about a quarter acre of that , I 've got a garden . Huh-uh . Oh , that 's nice . Because I have just like a very small , you know , those basic tract houses , like that . We have a very small yard and , um , I do have garden , but it 's extremely small , but , uh , it seems like , though , for your area that , that is sort of different . In a big city like that most houses , I would think , would be sort of like what we live in . Just a you know , basic tract house . Well , in the , uh , newer neighborhoods and development communities , the houses are so close together , Yeah . if your neighbor is having an argument you can here it blow for blow . That 's exactly right . That 's the way we are . We have , uh , one thing we have that we really enjoy here , is we have a hot tub in the back . So we have , we have quite a few parties , and uh , seems like everyone that lives around us , ends up , you know , hearing every conversation that goes on outside with everyone . So , uh , that 's true that is one thing that I do n't enjoy about it , is the houses are too close together . But , uh , you know , it 's fine for now , hopefully , eventually , we 'll move in a larger home . The only thing that I do n't like also is the rooms are so small . You know , it 's very difficult to arrange furniture and things like that , so . Are your rooms in your house bigger since it 's a sixties home ? Because it seems like then , that they built the homes much larger is that true ? Yeah . And they 've got better closet space . Yeah . MUMBLEx new houses that I 've seen . Yeah . Yeah . That 's really it . 