and , but because of the b- , dark behind it , it was really hard to cover and , Was it like a primer ? Yeah . It was something like that , although , we sort of , when we got through I wished we had n't done it because we were , you know , we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it and we were painting it and trying to do , uh , you know , make it , and it , it really was , you know , the advice they give you is , uh , the job was considerably tougher than we thought . Yeah . Uh , particularly when you try to , I was talking to somebody else who , who had a lot of wood panelling and , uh , they had gotten somebody to come in with an estimate and it seemed like there was , it was a good sized den with a lot panelling and the people quoted thirty thousand dollars to paint it or something . Oh , my goodness , that 's an awful lot . Have you , have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted ? Not inside . Now , uh , when we bought the house that we live in right now we had a company that came out and painted it . That was one of the requirements from , you know , F H A -- Yeah . -- that the house be painted before we bought it and it was fairly reasonable . We have a brick house but all the trim -- Yeah . -- around the house was , uh , if I remember right , it was like five hundred dollars . Oh , that 's quite reasonable . Yeah . Yeah . MUMBLEx . so that was n't too bad . Um , problem i , have you , have you tried matching paint lately ? No , I have n't . My wife , we , we built a shed over the long way , actually , it took , this is not on the topic but I did finish it . But my wife went to the , uh , Home Depot , I think it was , and , and took a , uh , a copy , took a piece of brick -- Uh-huh . -- and she wanted to paint the shed it 's , it 's a wooden shed , uh , and she took it and they 've got this machine that matches the color of paint . Uh-huh . And , uh , they got , and , uh , and , in fact she put some right ba- , she got , they mixed , uh , a gallon of it and , uh , it 's just remarkable how close it will match the paint , uh , and it does it , uh , oh , electronically some , something , Oh , so , magic . they did do a good job ? Yeah , you know , they , but it 's electronic . Yeah . Uh , you put your sample under this thing 