and the way medical expenses are -- It 's , -- I think that 's probably one of the biggest -- Yeah . -- benefits -- It , it , -- to ha , you need to have . Yeah , I 'll tell you what , that is the single most -- Right . -- uh , benefit that I , that I enjoyed , and I do miss because I looked into picking up some , uh , medical insurance for my , just for my family , you know , just , and it is unbelievable -- It 's out of sight . -- how much you have to pay for it . Right , it 's out of sight . And , uh , yeah , Even at a group rate , I could n't believe how much -- Oh , yeah -- -- is our , -- even at a group rate . Uh , it 's , it 's unbelievable and , uh , the amount that you have to pay for , you know , for kids and , and if you want to add dental to it , I mean , that 's -- Right , it goes up . -- that eats even more . Right . So , yeah , I guess what , the other benefits that , uh , that I , uh , that I miss , I guess is , uh , you know , some of the bonuses and stuff that -- Uh-huh . -- that goes on with just being involved with a big company , you know and course , these days , you ca n't count on that because -- Right . -- uh , you know , I feel bad for the people that are involved in that , uh , G M deal there in -- Right . -- in Arlington and I 'm sure it will be , you know , quite a few people are affected by that so , Right , it 's going to hurt the city , although , uh , I will personally tell you , I used to work at a bank , and I would see the G M people come in when they were , they would shut down to retool . Uh-huh . They were paid that whole time and I do n't know , if you 're aware of this r- , Oh , really ? Yes , they come in there , just , they go off fishing and stuff and come in and , every Friday , and go to the safety deposit box , and I 'm sitting there making a hundred dollars a week , you know and , Is that right ? And they had all these gr- , I , I really believe they have done this to themselves , in a way , because of the unions being so stocked . The union , yeah . And right now , anybody 's that 's laid off from G M will have a full year 's paycheck . I just read this in the paper the other day . Is that right ? Plus probably an additional six months through the , the worker 's stuff that they have at , at , uh , through the company so I 'm sor , you know , I 'm sorry it 's happening -- Yeah . -- because it 's going to hurt , but I do n't feel as sorry for them , Well -- If my husband -- -- really the , -- were laid off tomorrow , we 'd get one more check and that would be it . Yeah , really the ones it 's going to hurt is , is actually the , the businesses around -- Yes . -- in that area . Oh , yeah , 