Or , I 'm sorry no , fif- , no fif- , What do you mean fifty-five ? You mean fifty-five dollars ? Yeah , for the green card . But then , what 's the interest ? Well , now , that 's the card , see . And interest is like eighteen or something . Oh , yeah , yeah . It 's , um , well , of course on the green card you have to pay it when the bill comes in , so there is n't any . But on the Optima card it 's , um , let 's see , right now it 's running at about . It 's not too bad . It 's actually , it 's about sixteen and a half percent , which is pretty good , as far as credit cards go . Yeah . Well , credit cards . Well , they 're dangerous . You know , my parents do n't hardly use them . Huh-uh . Mine do n't either , mine do n't either . They , uh , my mom has a , uh , has a MasterCard and a Visa card , and that 's it . I 've got all my gas cards , because I do n't want to carry money around . Yeah . I 'll do that . Yeah , now I , I do use gas cards . Now Impact is kind of bad too , though . Yeah , You know . Especially if you get , forget to record those little suckers . Yeah , exactly . Plastic is just too easy , I mean -- Uh-huh . -- that 's the , that 's the whole problem with it . Um , Well , and you 're tempted if you 've got cash , a little bit of cash , and you do n't have enough for the purchase , right . Yeah . Of course , you got to charge it and keep your cash . Sure , naturally . That 's , I got into all kinds of trouble doing that . What are you saying ? Oh , my husband says I might buy it , but I , I do n't really usually consider that an option . Maybe that 's how we got in trouble . Having , having been out of the credit game for some years now , I 've gotten used to either paying in cash or not getting it . And , uh , Yeah , but it 's hard , is n't it ? Well , it is , but , I , I , I 'm kind of , uh , grateful for the experience because it 's taught me a lot of restraint . Well , it makes you feel good when you whip out the cash instead of your plastic . Yeah , exactly . I , I , uh , I just went out and got a new V C R yesterday with cash . With cash ? 