So what do you think about , uh , recycling programs in Atlanta , Julie ? The recycling program here is just terrible . I mean it 's hard to find places to go . I mean , Kroger does a couple things . They , I do n't think they , do they do newspapers ? I do n't know , there 's , there 's big bins out there , I do n't know if they ever get , I , I really do n't know what the details are . There should be someplace where you could call and find out . As a matter of fact , I 'm pretty sure there 's a place you can call and find out the closest , you know , thing to you , but , I think there should be some kind of curbside service . Yeah . That 's the only way I could really , The one in Florida is so cool because they pick up everything . They pick up newspapers and , uh , you know , milk jugs and aluminum and tin cans , you know , like soup comes in and stuff . Uh-huh . They pick up everything . During the summers , like the , around where I live the , uh , homeless people see- , I mean , they all have like shopping carts and -- Uh-huh . -- stuff and they 're go around and collect cans -- Uh-huh . -- and aluminum and stuff , and so we used to just save them up and then they 'd come around and we 'd give them to them . Uh-huh . But , when , during the winter time I think they , they move south or something -- Yeah . -- so , I do n't do that anymore . And the , the recycling at Georgia Tech , like that , uh , outside the , uh , student center -- Uh-huh . -- they never empty those things . I know it , I know it . They just overflow . It piles up . So what 's a guy to do ? I just do n't know . I asked myself . I just do n't know and now they have , like bins and stuff that are a little more convenient because , mean , until seven o'clock , you got to pay to park at the student center , you ca n't really unload all your stuff . Really ? Huh , oh , yeah , that 's true , had n't thought about that . That is very inconvenient . Uh-huh . Inconvenient , even . I know it , I know it . But , uh , so , you do recycle , do n't you ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm kind of , I 'm kind of bad about it . The MUMBLEx , If I , if see a , s- , if I see a pile of cans or bottles or something -- Uh-huh . -- I 'll throw it in there , but I do n't really , I do n't ever take anything . Well , I mean , it 's real , you ought to , because the , the , the farmer 's market recycles absolutely everything . Uh-huh . And since we go there all the time , I mean -- But wait -- -- probably MUMBLEx at all . 