-- you know , it does , it comes down to , uh -- Uh-huh . -- trying to come with a trade off of the costs . Uh-huh . Uh , what do you feel about come of the things that need to , Damn it , I agree with pretty much with everything you 've said . Uh , the one , the one thing that I , you know , I 'd advise any parent , uh , you know , or any , or any person looking for a college , uh , is that I think , I think , you know , it 's really important for them to actually visit the college and actually try and get away from , you know , the guided tour of the college and try and talk to the , you know , actual students there because , you know , they 're just , uh , in my experience , I 've talked to people at other colleges , uh , that , you know , the , the , the way , the , you know , the , the , the lifestyle pictured in the cat- , catalogs is n't always the whole story . No , y- , the , the college , the , the catalogs are sales material . Uh-huh . It does n't matter -- Uh-huh . -- whether , you know , they 're , they 're selling school . Uh-huh . And , uh , and , true , it , uh , really is helpful if a parent and the student can get there and see -- Uh-huh . -- the real character of the school and the real life experiences of the school . Uh , I guess there 's a difference in , here the , at least , the university here in Saskatoon is primarily , uh , off campus resident students . Like , they just live in the community . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , I know that there are a lot of colleges and universities , particularly as they get to be a little bit on the smaller side where dormitory life is , uh , is right on campus as well -- Uh-huh . -- and that , you know , that changes the character -- Uh-huh . -- of it quite a bit . Yeah , I , I go to Georgia Tech which is , you know , primarily an engineering school -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , you know , I think I really do miss the fact , you know , that it 's not a university , that there 's , there 's not , the , the , you know , 