I turned mine in about twelve hours early at noon . I do n't know . I finished mine up about eleven and left it here with Carolyn so I hope she 's turned it in . Are you eating ? Uh , I ju- , go ahead , I 'll stop eating . I just barely got -- No it 's , -- home from the university . Say what ? I just barely got home from the university . Tell you what we can do is , uh , I can punch the , uh , one , and then w- , after five minutes when the , uh , uh , voice comes on , we can talk all night if we want . Okay , go ahead , fire away . Uh , I love the irony of , uh , talking about this subject on April the , fifteenth . But , uh , I 'm afraid I 'm , I 'm probably in the minority . I , I actually do n't think that we , uh , pay too much in this country . Uh -- I agree with you . -- uh , particularly , uh , in this part of the country w- , uh , I guess I do have a , a bone to pick with , uh , uh , the way taxes are distributed . Uh , I just finished fuming at the fact that we pay an eight and a half percent sales tax and no income tax when the income tax could have been deducted from the federal form -- Huh . -- and the sales tax ca n't . I think that 's regressive and , uh , uh , it 's kind of dumb . I hate the eight and a half percent sales tax . But , on the other hand , I do n't mind that it 's only on , you know , things that are n't like groceries and that , it 's not on that . Well , I mean , nobody taxes groceries . Oh , yeah , they do . Where ? In Arizona . Is that right ? Uh-huh . But we have a pretty low income ta- , I mean pretty low tax rate here . Oh , I think the , the sales tax , they just got to do something about it . Right . But that 's the politicalness of trying to not create any new taxes . Right . But I guess when I hear , when I see the comparison between the United States and , uh , any other western country , uh , their , their rates are like , uh , forty-one , forty-two and ours are like thirty-six , thirty-seven , you know , if you compute as a percentage of total income , all taxes lumped together , we actually do pretty well . T- , th- , there 's no other country that 's , that is taxed as low as we are . Well and I still think that , having lived in Europe for awhile , you know , difference in living conditions -- Yeah . -- are certainly well worth , uh , what we pay for it . Uh-huh . I 'm , I 'm not sure I understand what you mean . Well , I mean , I think , I was in Germany , you know , for several years -- Right . 