there was like a fan at the very end of the row and that was it . And so , we did n't really know we were n't supposed to , we thought T I dress code was just dress appropriate to your job , Uh-huh . we wore shorts . We did n't know that was a big no , no . Oh no . And the supervisor from another area came up to us and , you know , this area where record retention is , there 's only a few people that work there , and he , sho- , he knew who worked there , he should have realized that we were n't regulars in the warehouse there . And he came up to us and he just said , who 's your supervisor . Well he called our supervisor and our supervisor , and our supervisor 's supervisor , and it went up all the way to the head of facilities , Oh no . complaining that we were wearing shorts . He did n't at , at least say to us , did you know you 're not supposed to do that . That could have alleviated a big problem . We ended up getting called out on it . Oh , how awful . It sounds like Mister Power Hungry . Yeah . You know , just yesterday , though , I saw a girl in the spine out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts . Uh-huh . And I do n't care , you can call them split skirts and you can call them culottes all you want but these were shorts . That 's all they were . I do n't care what else you call them , you know , if they 're below the knee , okay , maybe you can call them split skirts . If they 're above the knee they turn into shorts , you know . And these were n't even really full ones . I mean they had a problem out here with it last summer , wearing these shorts that were , you know , the real wide full ones , you know , and becau- , these were n't even those . These were like pretty short , black , and they were very dressy , the were black velvet shorts and she had on black hose and black heels and she looked very , very nice . Um . But , you do n't wear shorts to work . You know , I mean , MUMBLEx as far as I 'm considered , she was in violation and nobody says anything to them . It 's always been a big problem in Lewisville in the summertime . Um . You know , if they just , you know , the management does n't ever seem to want to take an , cut off , you know , that no , this is wear we 're going to draw the line . This is shorts , you know . Yeah . And , and nobody will ever kind of take control and do that , you know , Um . so , it always gets annoying because the rest of us are going , well God , we have a pair of those at home too . It sure would be cool and comfortable to wear , you know , but . Well I 've seen some people try to just come in like over the weekend because they want to use the TexTeller machine . Yeah . And they have said no . Yeah and then during the week you see these women , in the you know , just because you put on a pair of hose with them does n't make them not shorts anymore , you know . Yeah . I mean I 've never seen them do it without hose , I mean they always have hose on , but still , it 's , they 're shorts , I do n't care what you say , they 're shorts . Well I think T I 's dress code is pretty lax considering everything , anyway , you know , uh . I know , I did n't know that E D S has a very strict dress code , I had a friend , Oh do they really ? Oh definitely . I had a friend who worked there for a year or so and they spell it out . For men it 's particular suits , uh , the pin stripe , and the particular colors of shirts and win- , wing tipped shoes . Oh , my God . Oh , it is definitely lined out . Women are not allowed to wear slacks , 