And , uh , they had a basement , and they , you know , they finished the basement , and they were able to rent that out also . But , uh , in Dallas I , I just , I just have n't seen basements in houses . Yeah , yeah . And I 've looked at a lot of them , you know . Yeah , a friend of mine was thinking about coming down there , and that 's what he said was that , you know , it just was n't something that people had down there . No , it 's a- , They put pools and garages on , Right . but , uh , no basements . I have n't , I have n't , I have yet to see a basement in a house . Huh . And , uh , Maybe it 's all the sand . Is there a lot of sand in , I always think it 's like a desert , I do n't know . MUMBLEx Dallas always , Well , no . No , no , no , you know , I do n't see that kind of sand here . Um , there are some areas though where , where they have a problem with , uh , the houses kind of sinking a little bit -- Uh-huh . -- into the , to the , uh , or the foundation is sinking or something . You know , just a little , just a little bit , some more than others . But you , you have to know the right spot , to , to pick where that does n't happen . Yeah . And , uh , Well , out here we , um , we live in what used to be , uh , like a prairie or whatever a natural , you know , natural grasslands . Uh-huh . And , uh , they , it 's just , you go down four inches and you get to sands- , well , fourteen inches you get to sandstone . Yeah . And so any place where they put a basement in they had to blast . I see . It 's just solid sandstone . Huh . Where did you say you 're at , Colorado ? No , Virginia . Virginia , Virginia . That 's right . Yeah , it 's sort of unusual really . Most of Virginia is clay . Anywhere near , uh , Virginia Beach ? Oh , yeah , uh-huh . Yeah . My , uh , my folks used to live there . Back before I was born , Oh . they lived there . Uh-huh . Well , different areas in Dallas have different kind , in , uh , in Texas I 'll say because down in east Texas there 's a lot of red clay . Uh-huh . And , uh , in the , in the Dallas , you know , Fort Worth city areas you do n't see that . Yeah , well , uh , Texas is a big state so I imagine the , the type of houses and , uh , things like that are truly different from area to area . Yeah , well , But , uh , that 's the same way out here because , um , well , we , for example , and we live fifteen miles from the beltway that surrounds Washington -- Uh-huh . -- and anything instead that beltway , the highway , the real estate 's forty thousand dollars more expensive . Yeah . So , you know , you really ca n't afford , I , I , I could never afford a house inside the beltway . That 's why we came out here . This is called the , the , the country , you know , with only , you know , maybe twenty miles total from D C , twenty-five -- Huh . -- from the city . But , um , it 's considered the country since it 's , uh , you know , that far out . Well MUMBLEx , But , um , yeah , we live out by Dulles Airport . I see . Yeah , and , uh , that 's one of the few places still in northern Virginia they have trailer parks that are down around the corner from here 