I think it 's justified . Yeah , yeah . Very much so . I agree , I , I , agree , you know , I , I think it should be in other cases other than just shooting a policeman . Yeah , oh , I do too , I do too . I mean , I think they 're doing their duty , but I think if they 're going to come out and kill somebody else then they deserve it . They ought to get it for killing a civilian just as easily as a policeman . That 's right , I agree . Yeah . I agree . Uh , I heard something on the news the other night they were talking about , uh , oh , I know what it was , it was in our , in our little local paper , our little Lewisville paper that comes out twice a week on the front page every week , uh , there 's a little thing at the bottom tha , it 's like a call in survey that says , you know , do you think so and so , and then you call this number and you press like one for yes and two for no . Right , uh-huh . And one of the things , the questions the other day , this last paper , and I have n't seen the results of it , I 'm anxious to , was do you think that , um , capital punishment ought to apply to drug dealers . Oh I think , Which I thought was a real interesting question . Right , right , did you see SIXTY MINUTES tonight , by any chance ? No , I did n't , huh-uh . Well , they were showing a segment on a man in Philadelphia that 's going after the drug dealers . He 's just a civilian , he 's a black man , Uh-huh . and he just got fed up with it . Uh-huh . And he said he 's had his house broken into and windows smashed and his car stolen three times and everything , trying to ge- , keep him quiet , Uh-huh . but he 's organizing people , and they 're going out and marching on the corners and takin , taking back their territory . You know , I think that 's what it 's going to take , though . I think so , I think , I really do . Oh , yeah , it 's going to take , uh , you know , the police , I think , I do n't think can do it , can do it alone , you know . That 's right , I think you 're right . It 's going to take , uh , it 's going to take all of us getting together , I 'm sorry , I 'm trying to , my kid is asking for a kiss and a hug so he can go to bed . It 's going to take all of us , you know getting together and just saying , Right . we are not going to take it any more . We wo n't allow this in our neighborhood . That 's right , that 's right . And it said they 're going to other neighborhoods from there , Uh-huh . and then quite often they 'll get shot , Uh . because they 're horning in on somebody else 's territory . That 's right , that 's right , uh . I think they said forty-one had been shot out of one church in the last year . Oh my gosh . The only thing about the death penalty and , and I know that , that they try to be careful and they try to be sure but these people are on death row for like twenty years , you know . Right , I know it . An- , you know if , if , you know I , I think to be , you know being convicted is one thing , you know , and that 's , and that 's great if they 're con , if they 're sentenced to death , to me you could not sentence them to death unless , the case was for sure . I mean it ha- , Well it goes all through the st- , it goes all through the state supreme court system before they 're , Right , right , by the time it gets there and they 've been convicted and then they 've been sentenced to death , they 're sure . I mean there 's no doubt , I mean , I , Uh-huh , then it should happen , yeah . there can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind , 