but , um , I do n't , I do n't MUMBLEx . I , I do n't like really camping in the rough . I like the , the , the little necessities like having electricity available and running water and showers and things like that . Yeah , MUMBLEx we went , we went once to a lean-to and it , um , I mean , there was n't any electricity on the camp site but it was all right , we only spent two nights there . I would n't want to spend more than two nights . I would n't want to go for like a week , but , um , Yeah , that would , that would be much . two nights is good . Um , especially there was a little store close by , so , it was pretty nice . Yeah , the campsite that we went to was an area that , it 's right on a big lake , and there 's a lot of boating out there , and we , we went up there to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit but it was still , uh , it was still , too , cold . Oh , really ? Oh . Yeah , it , it was pretty early in the year . Um , yeah , up here you got to wait until , Aug- , August , until the water warms up . Yeah . Well , it 's not that bad but it 's still pretty chilly . Um , I do n't know , I was , I have a tent and I fluff out in it , in the backyard and stuff , but this thing about camping that bothers me is you 've got to pack everything and another thing is the thing seems to get , it 's dirty you know , Yeah . so , you ca n't keep the dirt out of the tent . I do n't know we have a seven year old , it 's pretty funny , like stay out . Yeah , we , we have , we have a dog and that 's just about as bad as a kid . Yeah , boy , he does n't go in and out of the tent a hundred times . Uh-huh . And use it as a play , uh , they like to play in them . Yeah , I do n't know how you can really keep , uh , the inside of a tent clean . Yeah , I do n't know . Other than , you know , taking your shoes off right before you walk in or something and , and sweeping it out everyday , it 's really hard to , to keep the sand and dirt out of it . Yeah , well , what we were doing , we were just going to say , we 're just going to sleep in the tent and hang out at night , so , you know , no going in and out , and , or what he wants to do , we had brought his friend along , was play in the tent . It was like , no , this is not working , , you ca n't do that , you get the tent all dirty . Did , Plus you get it all wet , we were at a beach site , too . Uh-huh . 