uh-huh . out and about , and it 's , it , it 's something you can all , like our , we did it as a family , so , Uh-huh . it was , it was quite a lot of fun . Uh-huh . and , biking and I , I , I love to swim , so I love it when , you know , it 's swimming weather , Um . and , uh , Well , you 're talking to someone from California where it 's often swimming weather . Oh , I did n't realize that . Uh . I 'm sorry . Well , I 'm in Texas . I , I just assumed that I had , this is the first call I 've done , Uh-huh . and , I did n't realize that they ha , were going to reach out to people from , all over the country . You would n't know that . Oh , I , So , it 's the , it 's , it 's the , the act- , well it 's actually , it 's interesting , because there are re , real regional differences . Um , in California there 's , uh , almost an assumption , um , unless you 're , sort of , clearly of an older generation , or something , you know , in your sixties , or something like that , I 'm , I 'm , I 'm not . Uh , there 's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness , and , and , at least in urban California . And , maybe not , I do n't know about rural California too well . But , in urban California it 's just , you know , for all I know aerobics started out here . I do n't know where they actually started , but they , you know , the craze really picked up big here and before that there was the running craze . And , they , California gets , you know , tends to be a bit faddish , but , Uh-huh . the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere . So , there must be something to some of them . And , uh , Well , I think people are , are more inc- , um , um , people from California seem to be more health motivated all around . I mean , as far as the diet , and everything . Uh , the diet and , uh , just your health consciousness , and , I mean , it just , Uh-huh . seems like , uh , a lot of those ideas generate out of California . Not just exercise , but , Yeah . health , health related ideas . And , I , it 's curious , I do n't know why , do n't know if it 's , do you , does California have a , Well , there 's a sense of it being a package , I think . There , there is a sense of , you know , whole , there 's a lot of , you know , you 'll get organizations , like institutes for the whole health , or whatever . And , uh , oh the , the , the uni- , University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER . Which is , uh , turned into a fairly well subscribed to , uh , newsletter , Uh-huh . monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that and , and , it does n't deal with just exercise , or just stress management , or just diet , or anything . 