is it good ? Well , it depends , do you like , uh , steamy movies . Uh , no , not ye- , I know that sounds funny coming from a woman , but usually I do n't . Oh , okay , what type of movies do you like ? Um , action . Bu- , d- , I , I guess one of my favorite , well two of my favorite movies is probably like LETHAL WEAPON and LETHAL WEAPON TWO . Okay . And those are , those are like two of my most favorite , I mean they 're just really good movies . And I liked BIRD ON A WIRE . Yeah . And movies like that . Do you like suspense movies or do you like , uh , just action or , Um , yeah , some , I guess like , what do you mean like , like are you talking about movies like DIE HARD TWO . Oh , JAGGED EDGE , Okay , yeah , I liked that , that was pretty good . Um , that was okay , I , I do n't , I guess I thought it was too far fetched but so many people said oh , no it was n't , you know . But I guess , Oh , well I hope I do n't run across them . Really , that 's true because , I do n't know , I just did n't find that one to be real , I , I just thought it was too far fetched . What was your favorite all time movie ? Um , oh gosh , I don , I ca n't think off my head . Do you know which one yours was ? I , I have to say that probably the one movie that really threw me back the most , uh , that I was really the most in shock with was probably , uh , STAR WARS . Oh , yeah , well that 's , When that first came out , I really did not expect the special effects or anything like that . Right . I mean , I guess , uh , out of all the movies , I 've , I 've never been as excited to go back . I was ready to go back and see it again , you know Really . Yeah , yeah , you 're right about that , but that that 's really like an all time classic . I mean , I do n't think anybody , anything could ever beat that . Now , I , I also liked , uh , oh , GONE WITH THE WIND or some of the classic , like THE LAWRENCE OF ARABIA . See , I 've never seen that . Oh , you have n't ? No , should I rent it ? Oh , yeah . Should I go rent it tomorrow . No , that 's , uh , that 's a , that 's a real interesting movie and it 's got a good historical perspective to it . That 's probably something I need to see right now because I 'm taking history in school . Oh , yeah . Actually , I just saw a movie , uh , called THE LOST CAPONE . 