that was almost an example of s- , an invasion that turns out to be not invasive . Right , it turned out to be , uh , uh , an invitation . Exactly . Uh , and at the same time I think that I receive on , on the order of , uh , probably , seven or eight a week calls of the nature where one wishes that there were a convenient way to just hang up on it . From , from personal parties or from these , um , phone answer , phone , uh , Commercial , commercial things . sol- , solicitations primarily . Oh , that , that 's a remarkable number . I get them rarely and I 'm still astounded that , that one , they let anyone do them and two , that they have any effect in this whatsoever . Um , because I 'm usually so insulted by them I just hang up as soon as I recognize what , Yeah . they are . I think they prey on people 's , um , inherent politeness on the phone even with the machine . I find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say , and then they feel an obligation to respond even though there 's not even a person there . And I think that 's what makes one feel invaded is the fact that there seems to be little control and you , one 's feeling obligated , Uh-huh . because of some sense of , of the way the ritual is played out . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . And , and , uh , that , that then ends up being the , the most common example for me . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Um , I guess I 'm not typically feeling invaded in my privacy relative to this second , this one that you raised . Yeah . And I do n't think I would have thought about that . I think that 's a good idea on your part . I do n't typically feel intruded on , on the things , uh , the sense of finding out information . Well , presumably those who find out such information , if they are doing it , I would prefer to not to be known , and , I mean , you know , the classic , oh , I do n't know C I A conspiracy theories or whatever , would have such parties trying to do it without your knowledge . So there 's , , things that invade that second type of privacy where you do know about them and possibly things that invade that second type of privacy without you knowing about it , and I ca n't talk about the second one other than to , to , to generate paranoia . It 's a surmise and , To , to surmise . It is there . I 'd like to think that it 's quite low , at least in this country . I do n't think I 'd like the K G B is monitoring my phone or anything like that . Well , I guess , although , I , well , that 's a good point where you said that how does one define what invasion of privacy is , Uh-huh , yeah . because , uh , if that 's the case of a tree falling in the forest and I 'm not feeling invaded then maybe my privacy has n't been because I have no sense of my privacy state having been invaded . Uh-huh , Uh , uh-huh , uh-huh . if you 're defining it in terms of information gone even if it 's something you do n't know about it , well , then I guess one could assume one was invaded but I do n't feel invaded by it . Uh-huh , 