Well , what do you know about Latin American policies ? Well , I think they 're kind of ambivalent , really . Uh , I just have a feeling that we 've kind of talked out of both sides of mouths down there like we do in some other situations -- Uh-huh . -- you know . Huh We , we do n't know , half the time we do n't know who to support . That , and , you know , maybe it 's , maybe it 's tough for a big powerful nation to deal with , with , uh , countries like that that depend on us so much -- Right . -- without , you know , just telling them , running their country for them but , That , that 's just it . It 's got to be tough , but , I mean , uh , uh , you sure , you still have to , you know , let them know how you feel . Right , I guess my concern , you know , no matter which , no matter which side we take , we 're going to have supporters and we 're going to have , uh , antisupporters , I guess , for lack of better term , and , uh , like you said , they 're such small countries , that we 're bound to upset somebody , but we seem to be lacking the ability to take a stance . Yeah , it worries me that , uh , the economy of so many countries in , in South America and Central America depend on something that damages people , like the , you know , like cocaine -- Right . -- from Columbia , and -- Right . -- uh , , you know , of course I , I 'm sure we have some enemies down there who would n't care what happened to us , but -- That 's true . -- but that is , that 's a tough deal , and it , I do n't think that , maybe I , maybe it 's , you know , I 'm reflecting how I feel about it , but I have a feeling that we , that we really do n't understand basically the , the , the competing factions in lot of those countries and -- Sure . -- I mean , they 've been hammering MUMBLEx , for the last , you know , ten centuries , and it 's still going on , and , uh , we , we dabble in it just enough to make both sides angry at us some how , some times , Yep , that 's about the lump sum of it . Well , um , I was speaking with a , a woman from , I believe she was from the Honduras or Guatemala , or somewhere in there , no , she was from El Salvador -- Yeah . -- and , uh , she was from a relatively wealthy family , and when , uh , the Contras came into power , of course with , uh , oh , gosh darn , what 's his face , he 's in , in Florida jail now , Marcos -- Yeah , yeah . -- uh , no , 