Well , the thing of it is the , the , tha- , tha- , -- I mean , prohibition certainly did n't last . -- that , that is , uh , uh , in , in many respects , uh , uh , you know , just , just , I think , an over simplification . I , I think there , th- , th- , th- , there 's so much criminal activity , uh , that people go into to , to support drug habits . Well , but you got to look at prohibition though . You had the same problems there , right ? Yeah . You know , they , they support drug habits with , uh , with , uh , you know , with things like , uh , you know , burglary or , or prostitution or stuff like that , yeah . Oh , yeah . Sure . Well it goes back to that , again , if you look at prohibition . I mean because it 's illegal , it costs more . If it was legal , I mean , face it you can buy pharmaceutical grade cocaine for what , ten or twenty dollars an ounce . I , I I must admit that , And clearly if you 're into coke and all you want to do is , you know , snort your brains out all day long , if it was legal , you could do it real cheap and , you know , you 'd be a menace to nobody but yourself as long as you stayed at home and did it . Yeah . But , yeah , get , uh , Yeah . I , I must admit that the production costs of , of these drugs are , are zippo compared to the street market costs and , and the costs to society , yeah . Oh , yeah , well that 's why there 's , you know , people dealing it because there 's money in it , you know . There 's ridiculous amounts of money . But I , I , I , I think that , that the , that , you know , the , being in law enforcement , you know , th- , th- , th- , they , I , I probably have a kind of a draconian , Philistine attitude toward it . And , but , but the , uh , uh , I , I really feel as though the interdiction effort is , is , as soon as you , you get rid of one goon that 's , that 's , that 's involved in drugs and tha- , Oh yeah , interdiction 's hopeless . I mean -- Yeah , and then another , another one will jump up . -- there 's no way you 're ever going to win that . But we , we see , 