So , let 's talk about the , uh , wonderful abuses in the State of Pennsylvania of personal property taxes whereby you can purchase something mail order and after the fact , the State of Pennsylvania can find out about it and send you a bill for the sales tax appropriate to that item that you purchased as well as interest and penalties from the time that you bought it . What do you think ? Is Pennsylvania kind of out of line there ? Well , actually , I do n't think they 're out of line . De- , Devil 's advocate possibly , but it , you are trying to avoid paying taxes and whe- , whether or not you agree with that law , i- , you 're still circumventing it . You are legal in , in your circumvention of that law . What , what if you 're not doing it in order to circumvent the law though ? I mean what if you do n't even realize that you 're subject to paying , uh , income tax on something that you purchase mail order ? Really , I , I , I do n't think that 's a valid argument . I think that most people are quite aware they 're not paying that six percent sales tax . Um , s- , s- , naturally some , some things you just ca n't find in your local K-Mart or , or , uh , Bryn Mawr stereo dealer . Uh , but th- , th- , th- , then why not pay , pay the sales tax MUMBLEx . Corporations have to , why should an individual just because it 's , just because the state ca n't really find out about it , be able to avoid paying sales tax ? Well , I mean , it seems to me that , generally , at least in my own experience , when I purchase something mail order , it 's not to circumvent paying sales tax to the State of Pennsylvania . It 's because , I 'm sorry , the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . Yes . Uh , it 's because I , I ca n't find the item that I want at a competitive price anywhere in my local area . So I go outside the area for that . And I think that it 's not my responsibility to police myself and pay Pennsylvania what they believe they are owed even though , you know , the revenue stream went to another state . I do n't , I do n't think that that 's my responsibility as a , as a conscientious consumer . I , I 'll agree it , it 's not your responsibility but , b- , is it also legal , for you to do that ? W , w , fr- , from what I understand from v , v , various net readings , i- , i- , it , the Federal government is going to try to legislate a more aggressive enforcement of state tax schemes , uh , in , into place in the next few years . It is , it is a lost revenue stream right now 