and we did n't really know that much about each other 's projects for two years . And we should have , you know , we 're , we 're now collaborating . Oh . And MUMBLEx -- And it , it , -- for two years we did n't . And , we , which was a , kind of stupid . But , uh , but our organization is doing something else t- , on Monday . Uh , we 're having a , for all unclassified programs , we 're , we 're having little tables put up in front of MUMBLEx lab in the hallways and every , all the other employees are going to come around and see what sort of things we do . Which I thought was kind of interesting and , Yeah , that is interesting . But , uh , but that , that sort , sort of thing . But , if you , I think you can tolerate a lot of problems if you understand what 's going on . Exactly . And , and , but of course most time , most of the time management has a hard time distributing or getting the word out to the people who must know . And , you know , if you do n't really count . If you 're not part of the program you might not get told for months . Or you might , you know , if it does n't impact you directly . Or if your management does n't think that . But , but regard to benefits . You know , most companies have , most big organizations have decent , you know , benefits like retirement and that sort of thing . In the private sector I would think that one of the major , uh , situations , especially when you reach , you know , the , the mid-fifties , wa , is keeping a job until you retire . A- , right . And engineers are , uh , are baggage to most , uh , uh , as they get older , to , to most companies . And , uh , it 's very much like the military , it windows out . You know , you , you think well , boy , I 'm getting more money and I 'm getting more responsibility , I 'm doing this . But as you climb up that tree , pretty soon you 're , the , the branches get smaller on the top of the tree -- Uh-huh . -- and pretty soon somebody falls off . I , I 've fallen off twice in the private sector . Oh . 