They can watch , and -- Yeah , yeah . -- I just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less . Uh-huh . Because there 's , You know , how can you help depending on the day care center , you know , Yeah . you got to when you hear about all the horrible things that happen in day care centers , have you ever noticed they 're always like a family owned center where the mother and the daughter and the son run it , you know , kind of thing . It 's like a family thing . Yeah , yeah . You never hear about it really in the big ones . Yeah . So , that 's what I did and I have had just excellent luck . Oh , good . I have been just so happy . He 's , Oh , good . I was just going to ask you how it , you know , if you liked the , the , but obviously you do or you would n't have him there , I know , but , Right . Right . Well he was in , he was in the same center for two years , Uh-huh . for the first two years , and , uh , it was wonderful , and I loved it , and I was so happy there and the woman who owned it sold it . Oh , gosh . But , I thought okay , I 'm going to keep an open mind here , Right . and the people who came in , it just was n't , it , Was n't the same . just was n't the same and their , Uh-huh . their attitude and philosophy was just completely , Uh-huh . opposite from mine , and I left him there for about a month and just decided I ca n't do this anymore , and I , Yeah . moved him , which was an extremely traumatic experience but . Was it ? Yeah . but , he 's done well , he 's been there , Good . a couple of months now , and I just feel so lucky . Oh , good . Yeah . That 's great , that 's good . How about you ? Do you work or do you get to stay home with them ? Well , I got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years . My oldest one is ten and a half now , Wonderful . or she 's , I guess , yeah , it 's , was about ten years . So I , yeah , I , I was really happy that I was able to do that . But , I , that 's what I wanted to , because I , uh , you know I just could n't wait to have kids and so , if I was , I was so anxious to have them and I could n't wait to have them it would be kind of silly , you know , to go back to work as soon as I had them , so , Right . Right . so , it , it , it , it was really great . By the end of the ten years I was really ready , Yeah . I bet . to go back to work , and my youngest was only , uh , two and a half . Uh-huh . I mean she was already two and a half , Uh-huh . so it was n't , you know , she was n't an infant . A baby . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , so , I felt real good about that , but , uh , boy , I tell you with summer coming up I 'm just pulling my hair out , in terms of what I 'm going to do , I , I guess I , went back to work about a year and a half ago and , uh , I worked full time all last year and now I 'm going to school part time and , uh , graduate school , and I 'm working part time . And , so I 'm still , 