-- the thing that just was in the local news bulletin was , somebody has , uh , ter- , made some special , uh , polymers that have the ability to , uh , make certain actinide elements adhere to them . Uh , uh , they 've , uh , looked at , uh , plutonium and uranium and , uh , some other similar things to -- Huh . -- try to remove those from radio active waste and , again , this is driven by all of the documentation and , uh , E S and H , uh , uh , considerations that , uh , people are , uh , worrying about , I think , much more than they should . Actually -- We- , -- I 've been involved in recycling for long before it became fashionable . Back when I was in graduate school , I did all of the recycling of the , uh , paper from the computer center and , uh , in fact I think I was the first person in our department to have my thesis published on recyclable pa- , recycled paper . Huh . Well that 's certainly , uh , you know , uh , getting into the swim of things . I , I think it should be , i- , it should go to the , to the heart of the matter though and say , okay guy , you , y- , everybody gets , you know , five pounds of garbage that they can throw away , you know . Uh , but more than that every week , uh , you 've got to pay by the pound . I , I think -- I think that 's a wonderful idea . -- I think people would be , would get very , very , you know , they 'd be very careful about how they bought stuff . The only alternative I would see is , uh , and this would actually be a little more workable since weighing everybody 's garbage would be a real pain . Uh , if you did it by volume rather than by weight -- Uh-huh . -- it would , uh , speak more directly to the space needs and the landfill and it would -- Yeah . -- also cause people to compact their garbage more . Uh-huh . Uh , and , uh , and limiting the volume is probably a little bit closer to the real problem than limiting the weight . Well , of course , that , uh , you know , those big trucks can , can , probably are far more efficient in packing than any kind of little household compactor . 