I have n't , Uh-huh . been to a lot , but we talked , Uh-huh . a lot about the , the rituals , you all equated the family reunions as , Uh-huh . with the Protestant . It was the Protestant version of the Catholic pilgrimage . Uh-huh . It was , it was an interesting theory . She talked about the , uh , the Catholics all , it 's a home centered , you know , it 's all family centered anyway , so you usually are living where your parents live and it 's all , your , you do n't have to come home , so the Catholics would make a pilgrimage in older Europe , but when the Protestant ethic happened in America , there were people who ever went out and , you know , went away from the family to seek their fortune , and then had to come back home for their reunion , so that , Uh-huh . became their version of the pilgrimage . Right . But she had , it was interesting , you know , I do n't know how valid it is , but she talked about that and how the , the big picnic table was the symbolic communion of the people gathering together , and , um , you know , about the bread and the ritual placement . Do you have a , a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every , every year ? Is there kind of a , you know , salads go first and things like that ? Well , it 's , uh , we have , uh , uh , kind of a core group that , that serves as , quote , officers of the organization , Right . and they plan the reunions , the organize the , you know , who is going to see to it that the coffee pot gets there , who 's going to rent the tables , who 's going to see to it that the silverware gets turned back to the caterer . Uh , and each year it 's done a little bit differently , because different people serve in those roles . Well , that 's pretty MUMBLEx . We have a biographer who , who continues every year to save clippings on any family member , and they 're entered into a , a wonderful , uh , scrap book . And pictures of new babies and new people who have been added and , and obituaries to those who are gone . And it keeps the family alive , Sure does . That 's wonderful . even , you know , even though it 's very fluid . And they 're very dedicated to that , and , uh , it 's been really wonderful . It helps you hang onto your roots . Yeah . I wish we 'd , And it helps you feel a strong sense of belonging . My husband , on the other hand , was not very close to his family . His family was very scattered and very diverse . Right . And I asked him , I got to talking to him , I said , well , how is his nephew doing . `` Well , I do n't know , I have n't , talked to my brother in three years . '' I said , `` Well , how 's your brother doing ? '' `` I do n't know . '' Uh , you know , my son keeps in touch with him , I think , but I do n't . Right . I said , `` Hey , would n't you like to know what 's happening with these people ? '' `` Yeah , but I 'm , you know , it 's too much trouble . '' So I got busy , got together , and put a reunion together for his family . Wow . You 're just , uh , And succeeded in getting all of his brothers and sisters and all of their offspring but one -- Oh , that 's incredible . -- to our place down at Lake Tawakoni . Liked to kill me , because I ha- , it was , I did n't have that group cooperation , I did , Right . it by myself . And , uh , nobody brought covered dishes . We had a great big fish fry , and , you know , I fixed a salad in a number three tub . Right . And , and , uh , it was an enormous task to bring all of those people together with just one or two people helping . And , uh , we had to provide sleeping arrangements for all of them and I told him , Have you , have you done this repetitively , or just once ? We did it that year , and then the following summer , we did not have all of the family there . We sent invitations . We said , `` Please let us know if you 're coming . '' It was when , uh , his mother , his step father had died the year before , Oh . and it , his mother was alone , and so they came to support her , and then one by one , his broth- , you know , his sisters , he began to lose family members , See , that 's we 've we had a problem with that . and it was difficult to hold them together . And then , of course , he died two years ago , so , you know , that family has gone down to one brother and one sister now . Oh . And , uh , it , I think that 's what happens when they get scattered , the , the family unit , you know , falls , Right . That 's our , was our problem . into disrepair . We had , uh , the first reunion , or the first , you know , major reunion was probably six or seven years ago . Uh-huh . And then the second reunion , people who maybe , you know , had sacrificed things to come to the first one thought , oh , well , it 's not that big a -- Uh-huh . -- thing this year , and so it kind of wound down , Uh-huh . and then finally , you know , you 're lucky to get , you know , you get the Shreveport relatives there , but no one else so that , Uh-huh . Well , see , we manage , those people who are at that core group manage to keep , keep the vigor alive . They 'll send out news bulletins . Two or three times a year you 'll get a news bull- , hey , guess who got , you know , elected to the legislature , or guess who our local sheriff , 