Well , the weather has been , certainly has been hot and it 's been humid . I do n't remember a year in a long time that the humidity has stayed up this high for , uh , this late into , uh , well , it 's not really late into the summer , but the , the humidity has hung around all of June . Yeah . Are you native to this area ? No , I grew up in Michigan , Oh , okay . But I 've been , I 've been in Texas for fifteen years . Uh-huh . So , uh , but , you know , I know the summers get hot but -- Uh-huh . -- it certainly , uh , this humidity has just really hung on there . Yeah . Yeah , it seemed like , well , you know , last year was so strange having all those heavy , heavy rains in April and this year we really did n't have heavy rains until May . Kind of like pushed the season back a little farther and now it 's kind of lingering with kind of still a bit of humidity and it just tried to rain , I mean , I was coming in from my car just a few minutes ago and it was trying to rain which -- Yes . -- seems strange to have it raining in July . Normally we do n't have too much , uh , humidity or , or , uh , rainy time when it 's past June . Oh , that 's right , that 's right . I can remember it not , it 's really August that it happens . You get those great big cracks in the ground where it 's been so dry -- Right . -- and it just gets so dry and , the earth opens up . I can remember the first year I moved here -- Uh-huh . -- and it did n't rain , I moved here like in late August and it did n't rain from August until December and , I went home and told it just does n't rain in Texas . I mean it was great after growing up in Michigan and not , and al- , you know , every day was cloudy , almost every day was cloudy and I , you sort of forget how much it did rain and coming here and then it did n't rain , it was just wonderful . Well , yeah , see I , I lived in , uh , Ohio mainly . I lived in , uh , Pontiac just a little while before I came -- Oh , yeah . -- down here and , you know , so many times when you were trying to schedule outdoor activities , you just never knew if it was going to be a go or not because of the weather . It might rain on your little parade . That 's right , that 's right . You know , and here it was like , pretty much you could schedule some activity outside anytime and you really did n't have too much of a chance of it getting rained out . Yeah . You could pretty much do whatever you wanted to do . That 's right . What part of Michigan were you living in ? Oh , I grew up in Dearborn -- Okay . -- which is a suburb of , of Detroit . Yeah , yeah . You probably know where that is because I know where Pontiac is , Anyway , yeah . What brought you down here ? Oh , a teaching job . So you teach in Plano schools ? Yeah , I did , I did for a while , uh-huh . So , I 'm home with , home with two children , 