Yeah . and , uh , it 's , it 's all on Lake Greenbelt , Okay . that property out there . And , uh , I do n't know , that what they have , they have all the water they want , Uh-huh . they can , they can actually , they can pump water , I mean , they have to get permission but they can pump water up from the shore , Okay . but , uh , that 's for like an additional , they have to pay like some kind of fee per year . Oh , okay . But , uh , they 're , uh , right now though I think they 're just , they 're trying to get the trees planted and everything . Sure . But , man , I , I just think of all of the money that they , that they 're going to have to spend just getting that . But the taxes alone there , Lake Greenbelt and some places , they , they , they really nail them for tax . Uh-huh . And , I mean , you 're talking what , just several hundred dollars a year in property taxes . Wow . It 's , it 's ridiculous . That really is , it , it would , it seem like it be just the opposite when you get , Yeah . No , no , it 's not it 's , because even though it 's far out there , it 's just that Lake Greenbelt , you know , they have to , they , they try to do it just from the , selling the water . Uh-huh . But , um , the water usage , you know , they try to limit , even though there 's three or four streams that flow into it , people still use it enough in , like in towns like Clarendon and other areas that , where they irrigate . Uh-huh . They , they , they still have n't gotten used to the dry land farming but , Yeah , that 's true that , the ir- , irrigation because it 's gotten so bad the past few years , but I do n't know I just came back from there and just the air is so dry . I do n't see how anything can survive out there , for long periods of time . Should say my father-in-law says the mesquite trees are , they 're , they 're pretty smart , they 're smart , they 're about the smartest tree around . They do n't , they do n't even start growing until May , Yeah , that 's true . May or April , like after it 's been raining for a few months . That 's true . They say the roots have developed so that 's all they work on . Just a leafy , they do n't do anything . Uh-huh . Yeah , 