maybe I 'm too , too , uh , uh , conservative when it comes to that . Th- , the sentencing is really light compared to what I think they should be in a lot of cases -- Yeah . -- you know , uh , Well if you drag twelve people into a courtroom , I trust them to make the right decision as to whether someone 's guilty or innocent . That 's usually a matter of who to believe and what facts to believe . Right . But people who d , do n't have day in and day out life long experience with what prison is really like and what the options are , to ask them to decide for one case , on one person , based on what they see , I think that is maybe , uh , a little bit naive . Yeah . In Texas here , people tend to get whipped up into a frenzy and slap long sentences on people . Uh-huh . Uh , it 's kind of , uh , uh , a hanging jury atmosphere . Right . But in a lot of places , I think people bend over the other way , but I guess , I guess I like the system that they have in some places where the defendant gets to choose whether he 's , goes before a jury for sentencing or whether the judge gets to choose it . Some , some cases in some jurisdictions , they can do that . Oh really ? I kind of like that system . Yeah . Yeah . That 's , that 's not a bad system . But I , I do think it needs to be shaken up a little bit . Yeah . But , the thing is too , maybe they need more of a , I do n't know , more of a expert types -- Yeah . -- to , to be on some of these jury cases because most time you just pick , you know , Joe Blow or whoever and a good citizen or whoever -- Right . -- an- , and call them in . And lawyers blow sand in their eyes . MUMBLEx exactly . I would like to see most civil cases tried before a panel of experts instead of ordinary juries . Right , exactly . Insurance cases and things like that . Yeah . Where , and , uh , there would be more honest settlements instead of this , uh , tugging of people 's heart strings and , uh -- -- making them cry and feel like they 're doing somebody good by giving them -- -- or giving them two million dollars to make up for the pain and suffering . Uh-huh . Exactly , exactly . So . In , I think , i- , in criminal trials you need the jury as a defense against the government but , 