and , uh , so I 've , I 've lived with MUMBLEx pounds and inches and found it really quite easy to convert over . Um , the secret seeming to me to be to not bother ever converting inches to centimeters and , Right . pounds to kilom- , uh , uh , kilograms , That 's right . and , I think that 's what hung people up the most is they went now wait a minute , an inch is two point fifty-four centimeters , Right . how on earth am I every going to do the math ? Right . And the problem is that we tried to convert everything from inches to centimeters preserving basically the inches but expressing them as centimeters rather than saying no , a centimeter is about the width of your thumbnail , or whatever , and , you know , and leaving it at that and , uh , you know , a kilogram weighs about this much and get used to it from scratch , cause I still ca n't convert back and forth from inches to centimeters but I 'm perfectly comfortable using either . Uh-huh . And I think the real problem with this , this weird conversion , yo- , you see signs that say fifty-five miles per hour and , you know , whatever it would be one hundred six kilometers per hour , you know , people , you know , it 's hard to take it seriously . Oh , yeah . And as long as both were given , you , basically , just do n't read the kilometers per hour , you just say , well look read the miles per hour one , the other one must be for someone else . That 's right . Uh , I do n't know , I mean even Britain has converted over and we inherited this mess from them and , uh , That 's right , it 's all their fault . Well , I mean , it 's more our fault than theirs at this point because they , they saw the light , um , I do n't know why they we- , um , were more able than we were except I think , that they probably just said well , we 're just going to start using the things now and you sort of have to force people to change since they do n't want to . Of course , being part of the European community , if everybody else did it they , they were probably much more , is much more necessary for them than for us . That 's true , that 's , that 's probably true and America does have a long history of sort of doing things our own way rather than adopting , you know , some other model . There 's an expression for that , With eyes on the past , backing confidently into the future . I 've never heard that one , that 's very nice . Oh , so I 'm all for the metric system and converting over and I think , I guess , my feeling is the way to do it is , is to just start giving weights , you know , have a very brief transition period and then just start giving weights and kilometers , er , just as in kilometers and weights and kilograms and everything like that and , uh , just have people start using it rather than having people constantly trying to convert . Remember me getting a package of something that said one pound , this is a package of dates mind you , it 's , was , presumably something you weigh fairly precisely , it said one pound and then in parenthesis it said four hundred fifty-four point six grams . Right , right . And , as near as I could tell , seeing that was basically anti-metric propaganda cause anyone who would say , well look I can either buy a pound of something at four hundred sixty-four point six grams which , of course , they could n't weigh it out accurately anyway , um , every time I see something like that I think , well , that 's , that 's an anti-metric argument . Yeah . Well , uh , I , I do n't think it 'll , it could ever happen with , with a quick transition . You do n't ? No . I , I think that would be the easiest way but human nature being such as it is , Uh-huh , uh-huh . I would think it would take , probably , two or three years before people co- , could completely cut the cord . Yeah , oh , oh , that 's what I was thinking by quick transition , I did n't mean , you know , I did n't mean like Sweden going over to right hand drive or anything , you know , at midnight , tonight we all switch over or anything . Did they switch ? Uh , I believe so , yeah , and I think they did it overnight cause you know , you ca n't do it gradually . That 's an example of something you ca n't do gradually . 