Uh , uh , you know , I would like to say the Rangers , but unfortunately they 're not . I was from Illinois , and my favorite team was the White Sox . Not a Cubbies fan , huh . No , no , my family , my dad was , but I turned out to be a White Sox fan . Well , that 's all right . I lived in Chicago . How do you expect them to do this year ? Yeah they did pretty well . Okay . What did you think of the World Series ? Well , I 'll tell you . I just , uh , moved down from South Dakota in July , and , uh , in South Dakota , the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living -- Uh-huh . -- and so everybody was a Twins fan , and I was kind of , uh , did n't have much interest in the Twins , you know , it was , it was kind of pathetic , I mean , we only had two radio stations , and one of them broadcast every Twins game live , you know , and , and the other one was country . So you did n't really have a lot of choice , did you . So , that 's right . There 's was Twins there , or , you know -- Or country . -- Skip Williams . Yeah . Oh , uh , and I was routing for the Twins myself because , uh , they , a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here , uh , went to Minnesota , and we used to tease about , my son and I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota , but it was int- , it certainly was an exciting Series , anyway . It sure was , it sure was . What do you think going to happen to the Rangers ? Well , I -- Or can we predict ? -- I would like to a , a , assume that they 're going to do , do better this coming year , I was sure hopeful anyway . When we moved down , uh , I was able to go to my first , you know baseball game , and -- Uh-huh . -- thought , this is great , this is incredible . So I became a Rangers fan . I did n't really have one in South Dakota . So I adopted the Rangers , or rather they adopted me , I guess -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , it was just exciting , you know , you can watch baseball on T V and they hit the long ball , and it looks like wow , they really hit that ball . But when you go to the ball park , it 's really not all that far -- No . -- you know , and it 's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you , and . Oh , is n't it though . You know , but , oh , I , I think going to the ball park just really makes it . Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you 're more a part of it too . That 's right , that 's right . 