and her daughter came and visited her -- Uh-huh . -- at least her daughter , Uh-huh . came and visited her and also her several grandchildren , Uh-huh . came and visited her every day . That 's great . And I think that when she passed away it was probably one of the greatest , um , I , I , I think it would be , it was more of a relief -- Uh-huh . -- for her . Sure . And , um , I mean , but she was truly , she was truly aware . I mean , I , I , I di- , I do n't know how I would , how I would deal if one of my parents came with , with Alzheimer 's . Uh-huh . or something like , That would be tough . that which is , which is far more devastating . Yes . Absolutely . And , um , I , I , I think that what one thing that they were concerned probably was the fact it was n't necessarily , you know , like the quantity of care -- Uh-huh . -- but the quality of , Yes . care . That the people that worked there -- Right . -- were very -- Uh-huh . -- were very interested that , to make it as close a home environment , Uh-huh . as possible . Yes . It would , I think , I think , I think , you know for myself I , I see that as probably the , the , what everything would hinge upon . Oh , Is it , how close is it to a home environment . Yes . That 's right . That 's the , that 's probably the major question . I think that great strides are being made nowadays in , in caring for the elderly , you know , in several , in a , Yeah . in a whole lot of areas . Yeah . Just people are , of course , populations getting older . Yeah . You know it 's , it 's interesting that , that a lot , the population of the United States is changing because , you know , uh , now that so many more minorities , where they have had extended families for such a long time . Uh-huh . Um , matter of fact in the United States we used to have extended families . Uh-huh , It was n't , true . But , I guess as we become more industrialized and more , you know , less in a rural situation -- Yes , um . -- we , we do n't , we , we , we choose not to deal with the , Uh-huh . extended family -- Uh-huh . -- because we feel it 's kind of cumbersome , That 's right . when in reality it makes things much much easier . Sure . Absolutely . And , people , things are scattered so much nowadays . Yeah . I , I , I think that perhaps , perhaps the extended family , you know , that it maybe one of the solutions to a lot of things even child care . Yes . You know I mean , of course there , there comes other issues , you know , whether or not any of the grandparents whether we feel like are going to be a good , they 're going to be a good caretaker for our children . Yes , But , just because they 're grandparents . I mean they raised us after all . Yeah . Just because they 're grandparents that does n't automatically make them a good child carer . Yeah . But , uh , I , I , I think that , you know , we always , uh , I mean , I 've , I 've had a lot of good experiences with , uh , with many many people especially where they 've had , uh , extended family . And I , and I , I kind of see that , that , you know , perhaps , you know , we may need to like get close to the family environment and -- Uh-huh . -- and get down to the values of , you know , I mean , uh , it 's , money seems to be too big of an issue . Oh , yeah . With , sure . with , with , realistically it is . with what 's going on today and I , I think , I think that we may not , that may be , you know , perhaps if we put money on the back burner -- Uh-huh . -- that may , that may choose to alleviate a lot of the problem . That would , I mean , certainly help . I mean we may not , we may not have as high a standard of living -- Uh-huh . -- but the qua- , but actually have a truer standard of living . Right . 