yeah , they , they , they 'll check for alcohol . Oh , I thought it was just like marijuana or cocaine . No , once , once you start doing that stuff , you sort of , you 're sort of stuck into , uh , checking for the whole , the whole thing . Huh . That 's interesting . Yeah , it 's a , What type of field of work are you in ? I 'm in the oil business . Oh , in the oil business . Yeah . Okay , and you work in the office around . Yeah , I work in the office , so , uh , it 's pretty , pretty safe environment . Uh-huh . Yeah see , I work in the automotive air bag industry , where we make the safety bags -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- for the cars , and we work around a lot of explosives . Well , that sounds like kind of an important job to be , uh , straight on . Yeah , so that 's , you know , I 'm all for it , because the , well , the type of environment I work in , you know , they 're working with explosives , and so they could blow up the whole , well , they have safety features with each of the explosives they use , but still , it can be dangerous . Yeah , yeah , well , I , I , I agree . I think that , uh , you know , under certain circumstances , especially when you 're working in , in high risk , uh , uh , industries , where you can really hurt other people , that , that you need to have that kind of stuff . Yeah . You know , if it 's , as long as it 's not abused , uh , you know , random , you know , as long as it 's random , and , and the individual 's rights are , uh , are protected , I do n't have that big a problem with it . Now do they fire them , or do they ? Well , see , this is it , this is where I start having my problems with my company . I work for a private company , and -- Uh-huh . -- and the policy is something like , see if I can re- , state this correctly now . If you turn yourself in as having a drug related problem , then you 're eligible for company counseling . Uh-huh . But if they catch you , if you test positive for a , a controlled substance , then you get fired . Oh , wow . So , it , you know , it 's sort of one of these little catch twenty-twos . Huh , that 's . I think our policy is that , all right , it 's probably the same thing . I 'm not really sure what the , Yeah , really , it 's one of those things that you read once , and then , if you , if you 're not worried about it , you just forget about it . 