And so we said , great , you know , we 'll buy it , and we put in our order . And a week later we went back and picked up the computer . And then we got it home and tried to put our own board in it and there 's only one slot we could put it in . Oh , lovely . And at this point we only have one board so it was n't so bad so we used it a bit , but we tried to figure out whether we could put three in because we really need to be able to put at least three in . Huh . And , Oh , no , the computer was supposed to have two . Well , it has them but the problem is that you ca n't put the type of card that we need to put in it , in it . Oh , I see . And even though they told us in advance that you could , they told us there would be no problem because , you know , I see . the salesman just does n't really know . In some ways it has more to do with the people who sold it . They probably did n't know what they were talking about . Right . That 's completely it . The salesman did n't know . Right . So , we went back in , and we struck an agreement with the people who said change the casing it comes in so that we could put in extra boards . Huh . Okay . So they did that . And we said are you sure this will work , we do n't want you to go through the work and then find out that this does n't really work anyway , and et cetera , and they 're , they were doing it at their own costs . And so we said , fine . And we went back and we talked to the MUMBLEx person a second time and things like that , and then we come , we get the computer home , my husband goes to pick it up last week and we could n't go get it sooner because I just had the baby , and , Uh-huh . you know , life 's just a little bit complicated . Uh-huh . And , uh , he goes and gets it , brings it home , first of all they 're missing components of it like cables so you ca n't really test it out . And then second thing , we still ca n't put the boards in , Oh , jeez . because they have other things blocking where we need to do it . Huh . And see now we 're dealing with having to bring it back again and they say they can , you know , do something different and change some connectors and we hope so , but it 's a hassle . Yeah , it really is . You kn , you know , it 's just this problem with sales people just not knowing what goes on . Right , and , and so much time goes past before you finally get any kind of satisfaction . Right . I think that 's the worst part . I , So , well , actually some things are pretty good with that because I put it on a gold credit card and I just called the credit card company and explained to them the situation , and they said , well , you do n't have to pay for it yet . Now that 's an advantage , is n't it ? Yes . It really is . I think , uh , uh , there 's a lot not to be said for credit but that 's one thing to be said for credit . It , how , Yeah . it gets you some muscle where you need it . Right . 