uh , and I , I 've , uh , THIRTY SOMETHING I 'm particularly interested , but it 's the music , Yeah . almost that I find myself listening to , uh , I 'm kind of thinking that 's maybe , our generation was , uh , so in tuned to music of that time that we identify goodness or badness with , uh , things now with the music that 's behinds them . That could well be . I , I , uh , spent my junior year , uh , and sophomore and junior year in , in college when I , a song by the , uh , uh , I think the title of it was just Downtown , Uh-huh . uh , and if you recall how it goes downtown , Right . ta , da , da , da , uh , all I have to do is hear that song and I get strongly evoked memories of , of difficult times in school being behind on work , Uh-huh . uh , and my family now knows if they come into my study and , uh , I happen to have had a tough day at work and maybe I 'm trying to get a project done , uh , at school , uh , and I 'm humming or whistling in a sort of mad crazy way the tune to Downtown they know to just stay away , That 's their signal . They can hear the unconscious music signal behind it , Yeah . that 's right . When did you first take your , uh , first piano lesson ? Uh , probably about first grade , Yeah . and I have , uh , returned about every four or five years to thinking that I would like to do something about it . I usually get to the point where I can play some of my favorite themes and then inevitably I am swept away by the , the pressure of other types of things , Yeah . uh , It is a time consumer . It is . In order to continue to , to grow and I , I always think that I 'll be able to do it and then I inevitably discover that I have no innate music talent relative to composition and that I struggle and really ca n't quite understand what is that other people take for granted , Yeah . in composition themes and I , keys and things are something to me that remain a mystery no matter how many times I bang on them . I have a pretty good mathematical concept for what 's involved , Right . uh , but in a , in a innate music sense there just seems to be something missing there which is always frustrating for me since I have pretty high math aptitude 