Really good temperament and very playful and affectionate , good personality . I do n't know , I ca n't imagine what , uh , would have been wrong with this dog , so . Yeah , well I , I have a dog that God gave us too , . Uh-huh . Yeah , she just appeared . Oh , really . Yeah , my husband calls her street dog , but we 've had her now for about three years , Uh-huh . and I just , you get so attached to them . Oh , yeah . I had a , uh , last year I had ano- , I had another German Shepherd , now this one was purebred and , uh , he , when he was about seven months old got a gastrointestinal virus and was just about on death 's door but , uh , managed to get him to a veterinarian in time , Uh-huh . and , uh , and on huge doses of antibiotics , Um . and he actually got over it with , y- , seven hundred dollars in vet bills , Wow . um , but he had actually was able to get him over that . Uh-huh . And then he was gaining weight again , was just getting healthy , and , uh , he put on about fifteen to twenty pounds after the thing and then he got hit by a Cadillac . Oh no . So , I could n't believe it . That was , that was really hard . Oh , gee . And that was even harder for , I was on a business trip at the time and the dog was being house sit , or dog sit , whatever , by some friends of mine down the street , Uh-huh . so they just felt absolutely awful . Oh , I bet . And I felt , felt probably worse for them than , than for me because , oh gosh they , the , uh , this fellow 's wife who was , uh , watching the dog , pro- , she , I think she loved that dog more than I did and , uh . Oh gosh . She was jus- , really attached to it , but , uh , it 's unfortunate , but now , I 've got another one , so . Yeah , yeah . How long has it been since the first one ? Uh , see , he , it , it was just over a year . Uh , yeah , Uh , it was in March of last year . So , uh , yeah , it 'd been , did n't , did n't have one for a whole year . Yeah . Well I had , I had a German Shepherd before this one and when she died it just , it just absolutely destroyed me . I mean I was just , , you know , Yeah . I could n't even talk about it for months and so I decided well that 's it , I 'm not going to do this anymore . Right . And then God gave me this dog , so . My dad 's like that , he , uh , he had a beagle that he loved and , uh , when that beagle passed away , uh , he did n't want , he was n't going to have another dog , there 's no way , Uh-huh . no how , and then , uh , the , he the beagle died in I guess about October and by Christmas time we went down to the pound and got him , uh , I or , I gue , Humane Society and got , uh , got another one , a stray . Yeah . And she , she turned out to be a great dog and we had her for six years until she just passed away recently and again dad went through the whole thing , but , Okay , yeah . mom went an , Well you just do , Yeah . you ca n't help i- , it 's like , it 's like a kid . Yeah , it is . Well hopefully this one here , Cocoa will live a full life . Yeah , well when , uh , my , my doggie , uh , that we have now , uh , she 's , she 's mostly Golden Retriever . Uh-huh . The vet called her , uh , a golden mix , Yeah . like who knows , you know . 