So we got the kind we wanted and I was really disappointed with that . I felt that this was a company that should have been more reliable -- Uh-huh . -- and I happened to need a birthday present for one of her friends and I called there to see if they had it and the lady was very nice . And I said my goodness , I said you 've been very nice , what 's your name . And she told me and I said well I really appreciate it . I said there seems to be a big attitude problem in that , store and it turned out she was the assistant manager so , Right . So I felt kind of good about that , you know . I did n't -- Uh-huh . -- even know the person 's name that had given me the hard time or anything -- Right . -- but I just felt like , well at least I did something . Maybe they 'll fix it . They might work on that , you know . Right , right . But I find attitudes are more of a problem . Service is more of a problem . I find , up here in the northeast , we have , uh , well w- , we have these mail order companies like L L Bean and , uh , they are famous for , I guess , having really top-notch service . They 've got , uh -- Really . -- I mean I 've , I 've , I , I have friends and family who order from them because you can , you can literally , I 've heard stories where you can literally buy something from them one year , wear it for a year and a half , and even after , like eighteen months of , you know , reasonably satisfactory use , they will accept it in any condition and they will gladly , no questions asked , take it back if for some bizarre reason you decide you do n't want it anymore . Uh , they 'll , they 'll actually do things like this . I mean they 're really , they , they go- , bend over backwards service wise for you . I 've , uh -- That 's really great . -- I 've found also a lot of companies nowadays , have , they have eight hundred numbers you can call . I guess if , if you call the e- , any eight hundred number , uh , if , you , you can call up e- , any eight hundred number directory assistance , and you can get , uh , the eight hundred number of the customer service support line for a number of companies . And , um , actually I 've tried that with a few companies lately . And they 've , most of them have been pretty good , but I , I was , one reason why , I , like I buy a lot of clothing through mail order is that , uh , if you buy through Bean or though , uh , I guess Bean 's , one of Bean 's big competitors is Land 's End out in , uh , I guess it 's Wisconsin somewhere . They , they are , uh , they 're very good about -- Huh . -- uh , insur- , like the customer is always right and you know , no matter how crabby you might be over the phone , they are very understanding and , uh , they usually get , you know , they , they make things are , they ma make sure things are set properly if you 're any way dissatisfied with their merchandise . That 's really good . It use to be like that . Uh-huh . But , I do n't think most places are like that anymore . Well I think , I guess nowadays with the , uh , with the economy the way it is , I guess , there was a , there was a story on the news tonight about how , because a lot of companies are , uh , you know , things are getting rough out there , there 's a lot of , you know , the morale among employees tends to go down and that , in turn , like , you know , 