and then I went out two weeks ago with the guys here . I work at T I . Yeah . And I played in a tournament out there , and I shot a net fifty-nine . They were kind of , little upset . I guess I laid off long enough to get rid of all my bad habits . Yeah , yeah . I have a hard time inventing shots , you know . Let 's go around this tree , and -- Right . -- you know , try a slice through a hook here , and I ca n't do that so . Right . I finally got out , and I 've been watching quite a few videos . I had not been able to play so I took out a few videos and watched them for a while , and I , I hope I 'm on the right track . Yeah . Shot a career low eighty-nine , so , and my handicap is twenty nine . That 's , that 's great . I like that . Yeah . Now it 's , uh , like I say , it 's been a while for me , too . I , uh , I 've got my wife motivated about it , um -- Really . -- and , uh , I think that 's probably going to be one of the next investments , is get her , get her a set of clubs and , uh , we 'll get out of the driving range and , and get some interest built up and hopefully we can , uh , we can start in . Yeah , I 've tried to get my wife , I bought her a set of clubs four years ago . She has n't even swung them , but -- Really . -- she wants to get into it now after I came home and won the tournament the other day , she 's -- Well , great , great . That 's good , -- she 's ready to get off into it , but , you know , I like , I just like getting out , being in the outdoors , and I 'm a hunter and fisher anyway , but , you know . Yeah , same thing here . You know , at least I can get out and play a few hours of golf and it 's not going to cost me an arm and a leg , really . Right , right . And I , you know , I walk , I do n't ride so -- Uh-huh , yeah . -- you know , I get a little exercise there , too , so . That 's , I 've got the same attitude . I , uh , I tell you , I started , I guess , the first time I played golf has been probably about eight or ten years ago now , when I was in college . Yeah . And , uh , I took , uh , I took it as a P E course and then kind of left it alone for a while , and then finally got , got into it when I was , while I was still in school -- Right . -- and since then , uh , we 've made it , um , as , as the friends start getting married and things like that , we 've made a tradition of , uh , having a , a Thursday , um , well , have , have probably like , like a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding . Yeah . And , uh , so , it , 