family . Well , well , that 's what I meant by salt that we , we did that like as a family , little ornaments and , Oh . Uh-huh . things like that , and just kind of really got into it . Like during the Christmas season , Right . making them up for other people and things like that . But -- Uh-huh . -- as far as , I 've just never been very skilled at , MUMBLEx . far , you know , needle , Uh-huh . work cloths . And the things I 've tried to do just do n't look very good , and , I , I guess mostly as far as , as crafts go , I 've done , um , some needlepoint . I 've done mostly cross stitching . I used to , uh , do like , um , one that I did for both kids are like , oh , they 're plaques with , you know , different kind of animals and then you have their birth date on them , Yeah . and then you have a little picture of them and you frame them and stuff , Uh-huh . but nothing steady . Just when I get some spare time here and there I 'll work on it , but , you know , it 's nothing that I , It 's not , can really , like you sit and knit every night . No . Not at all . Yeah . I do n't even know how to knit and my mother used to knit , you know , Uh-huh . all the time and , and I do n't even know how to knit , I 'm like , that 's a lost art from this family . Yeah . So , um , but , it 's not a very good topic it feels like , No . if , you know , not when you 're n- , neither one of us are really , I , I have seen things I really like , Uh-huh . you know , that were done , especially like needlepoint . Needlepoint , Yeah . cushions and things . But , it just seems like there 'd be so much time involved in it , Yeah . you know , and , and that the petty point and things like that . It 's like , God , it , it seems like it 's easier just to go out and buy it already made . MUMBLEx I do n't know what , what , is , it 's like there , but here a lot of the country stuff is in , you know , a lot of the woodwork , a lot of , uh , stenciling . Yeah . And , you know , you can go to any , like a flea market and stuff 