Anyway , what are your , what are your first comments on that subject ? Uh , my first comments on the budget . I would say there has , What would you start cutting f- , what would be the first thing you 'd cut ? Defense ? Surprisingly , no . I would , I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support . Mean private enterprise ? Huh ? Have private enter- , enterprise do it ? You mean the prisons ? Uh-huh . They 're already talking about it . I mean , they 're talking about , uh , having it , uh , as a , you know , business . Uh , to , uh , you know , to , so , the , you know , the government does n't have to deal with it . I had n't heard that . But , uh , yeah , because I think it 's all funded , either state or federally funded so , Right . or , uh , obviously . So , but , uh , But to me it , But see they 're , they do n't have enough , uh , uh , you know , there 's , there 's not enough room in these prisons and that , and that , uh , to continue funding it . They think they need to , maybe have , uh , you know , private , you know , business , private enterprise come in . So , Well , see the other way I 'm thinking about is they should be self-supporting , like , uh , the prisoners make license plates or farm or small industry inside the prisons . Anything to where they can be self-supporting within themselves . In other words , they 're in there for a purpose , put them to work -- Uh-huh . -- rather than sitting there . It 's the same thing like the whole criminal , I should n't say criminal , but the whole police department of the United States . I feel the same way . Uh , someone gets picked up for drunk driving , he should put enough in there that goes back into paying for that policeman being out there . Uh-huh . So it 's self defen- , you know , self-defense on that point . Uh , as far as my defense budget , uh , they 're cutting it back now , what , twenty-five percent ? I would n't want to see it cut any more than that . Yeah . But again I 'd like to see something on the other end back into education . But not in the education we have today . So I 'm lost on that one . I would like to be a little more into investigating some of the other countries in the world and their educational problems . And to come up with something a little better than what we 've got . Uh-huh . Yeah , it 's tough to , to say what , uh , you know , what , uh , as far as this , that good or bad or what . But , uh , I was just talking to somebody else , and all those European countries , they pay all the way through college and stuff like that . They , so , uh , Well , not so much pay . I 'm not trying to see the government put out any more . No . Yeah , I know what you are saying . But I 'm just saying that even the differences , uh , is that , you know , some countries pay for students to go to , through college and etcetera . But here , it , you know , it 's just up to high school . Yeah . But see , we do n't even push the fact to the high school kids that there 's other means of education out there rather than college . To go either as an apprentice , which they , they do in other countries . Just doing it , which I think would bring the education back up . You know , Uh-huh . 