Well , But he 's seeing something constructive come out of it . um , I have to , I think one of the positive things , I mean , one of the things that can come out of , uh , is not just di- , discipline , okay ? But , okay , for instance , one of the things they do at , uh , my kids school , uh , they have what they call , uh , caught being good slips . And when the kids are in halls and stuff , and if they 're being really good , I mean , just being excellent , they 're not , you know , cutting up and so on . They 're just standing in line , doing whatever they are supposed to , they get one of these caught being good slips . And then , when they collect them at the end of each week , they get to go to this little , what they call their caught being good store , and then they get to spend these like money . Well , see , to me , that 's positive reinforcement , is much better , much better than trying to find ways to discipline kids , because they 're going to be good and try and earn those things , you know , to get the positive part of it . I mean , they 'd ra- , much rather go in the store and buy something than be spanked . So , they 're definitely going to work towards being good , you know , rather than trying to act up and be bad , you know . I think that not only applies inside the public school system , but in society itself . We 've been too long , there 's been too much negative reinforcement . How much , da- , like , the caught being good slips . How about , just the John Q citizen out there on the street ? Yeah , well that 's true . I think , I think , really though , I mean , that 's one thing that , I mean , my kids definitely get spanked when they need they need to be spanked . But I really do try to use positive , uh , reinforcement with them at home , also . And it really helps . And I mean , they , they do n't get spanked very often , but they , they do when they deserve it , you know . But , uh , I do n't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked . 