Uh , I think it 's important to insure the quality and , and , uh , I do n't know , almost the goodness of character . You know -- Yeah . -- that kind of thing . Where do you work ? Uh , well I 'm a graduate student right now at Carnegie Mellon . Oh , okay . Oh , okay . And I , I just came from Saint Paul . Huh . Uh , interviewing with Three M . Oh , great . And , uh , they have a policy for , uh , testing . If you , if they make you an offer , then they 'll test you right before you start . Right . And I guess the only drawback I can see to , to drug testing is in , in case you are on some sort of medication that might give some , uh , sort of false positive result -- Uh-huh . -- then there could -- Yeah . -- be some sort of problem . But i- , Yeah . And that , that definitely happens , you know . I mean those , the drug tests , sure they 're accurate but there 's always that margin of error . Yeah . And that 's , that 's something to be aware of . Another thing is , a lot of times , you know , they are n't that accurate . They are n't that sensitive . Like if you 're on a prescription drug of some kind , you know , what are they going to do about that . Yeah . You know , I was on a couple of different prescription drugs when I was tested for Honeywell and , uh , uh , you know , I know they did n't catch that or else they would have said something . Uh , I 'm sure they screen for just a particular few types . Although the literature they give with you says yeah we do this and then they list about five thousand drugs they try to test for . Right . Uh , I do n't know . What , what program are you in over at Carnegie Mellon ? Uh , electrical engineering . Oh , okay . Great . Uh , yeah , I 'm a graduate student at U C F in Florida . University of Central Florida . Oh , wow . And this is actually a an internship up here . But , uh , they , uh , even for interns they , they do the whole random drug or the whole drug testing thing , so . They test you , uh , before they , before you start or before you even -- Right . -- interview or , 