I do n't know what the , the last thing I 've done as far as car repairs go is , is change oil and filter an , and that kind of stuff . I have n't gotten really involved in anything , uh , extensive in car repairs in , oh , oh , probably a year or so . I think the last thing I did of any significance was change the water pump on an Oldsmobile . Yeah , I had a similar thing , that I 've worked on cars ever since I was , uh , a kid . And that was some time ago , but I 've gotten to the point where , uh , the newer cars are getting so complicated to work on that , uh , oh , most of the cars I buy , I try to buy as simple a car as possible . Yeah , I know what you mean . So , you know , changing the oil , changing the spark plugs and most of them now , you know , you do n't go through the ignition stuff anymore because that 's all solid state or , Yeah , or fuel injected , and so there 's , or fuel injected so there goes the carburetor and if the fuel injection system breaks down , Yeah . there 's no way in the world you 're going to work on that . No there 's no way . Somebody once said , uh , I had a car that said fuel injection on the side of it and a woman asked me what that meant and I said that means that I ca n't work on it . Oh , yeah , yeah , basically that 's it . You know , they 've gotten so complicated or so high tech that , uh , the guys , average guys ca n't really go out in the , in the garage and do a whole lot of repairs , uh . Yeah , I 've got , uh , an eighty-four Chevy van that 's , uh , a one ton van with a camper conversion on it . Yeah . It 's got the , the , the good old three fifty , Absolutely . standard engine in it . Regular gas engine , and that engine I understand , I can , wo , I can actually work on that engine . Yeah , I used to have , uh , ch- , Chevy van , it was a short van , Yeah . that had the , the three fifty in it . Uh-huh . And basically it , it was a motor and you did n't have all the other junk around it , Right . and you could get to it to work on it . Yeah , 