I , uh , spent four years as a university professor . Oh -- And , -- really ? Yeah . I , I spent three years , I 'm teaching in public schools and elementary school . Oh , do you really ? Uh-huh . That 's great . I taught in Utah , and , uh , No kidding . Did you -- W- , -- teach in California ? I did . Uh-huh . I did , uh , You sound pretty young for a university professor . Well , I was pretty young . I was , uh , I had never intended to do it and I was , uh , uh , given the opportunity after I 'd started a management consulting firm to teach in , in , uh , uh , one of the business schools in the California State University system . Uh-huh . At any rate , uh , the topic is fascinating because one of the things I 've done for the past few years is , uh , research the problem from the point of view of , uh , uh , what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically . Uh-huh . You may be familiar with cooperative learning . Have you ever , Well you can , you can tell me a little bit more about it because I do n't think we did that in Utah . Well , the cooperative learning is a technique that was tried initially to integrate the public schools . And , uh , what , what it involves , basically , is the use of peer groups and the , uh , teacher becomes a , uh , a sort of a consultant , resource person -- Uh-huh . -- to the cooperative learning , uh , to the learning cooperatives , I guess they 're called . And there are , uh , some fairly sophisticated approaches that are used in the high schools with point systems and things like that so that people , uh , gain a competence with respect to the material . Uh-huh . Uh , I think that the combination of , uh , technology and techniques like that together with marketplace forces will bring about a revolution in the way we learn . Uh , I think there is a direct threat to vested interest in the public school system , uh , that will stand in the way of that progress being a little faster . Uh , school systems are , in too many states , dominated by administrators -- Uh-huh , yeah . -- and , uh , both teachers and parents , uh , complain about the , uh , uh , the cost and ineffectiveness that results . So my feeling is that , uh , the , the problem is , is , uh , significant . There are plenty of good people , uh , available to , uh , offer people educational experience , but that we just have to re , reallocate and reorganize the resources to do it and , uh , I think certain techniques and technologies will influence all of that as well as research , uh , uh , of the sort that people like me do looking at theories of behavior and how they can be used to improve performance , particularly , uh , accelerate the , the pace of learning . Uh-huh . And , my feeling is that , uh , those kinds of things will solve the problem eventually . I do n't know what form it will ultimately take . 