Of course , life is a lot more complicated too in ways , um , the kinds of jobs that people need to be trained , Right . for now . Uh , you know , with farming being so mechanized , Uh-huh . uh , people working on the family farm which was a traditional American way that becomes less and less likely , factory jobs are so much more , um , uh , sophisticated . Yeah , that 's right . And the kinds of knowledge that , uh , you know , it , it 's requiring an increasingly sophisticated labor force and , Right . some people just do n't have it . And there 's so much , so , so many people on the lower end of those who , who are going to be the , the drop outs and the , And you worry when , and the poor and the homeless and whatnot , you know these the sex and drugs on the young children and the unborn children , Yeah , that 's just another , uh , in terms of what it 's going to mean to a society , Yeah . in the future it 's a some ways it 's rather frightening , It really is it 's just , it just is almost overwhelming sometimes when you think , It certainly is . of , of the jobs that is out there to be done , Well , it sure is . in order to flip things back around the way they needed to be , It sure is . Uh , not that I really think that they were perfect ten , twenty , or thirty years ago , but , It was a little easier though was n't it ? Uh , yeah , just the volume makes a big difference , Yes . I think as , uh , as , uh , mother you know , I use to think sometimes it 's not so much , uh , it 's not so much the kids , it 's just the volume of it , to try to keep all wash done and all the things done and , you know , and everything . Right . uh , I look at my mother 's life I mean she , she did n't work , um , um , for a long time whe , when I was very young she did n't drive . Uh , she learned to drive I think when I was , um , a teenager , and her life was a lot simpler , Right and , and I sit here , and children 's lives were simpler because mother was there , somebody was there . That 's right . And , and when there 's nobody there , That 's right , that 's right . I always thought too that , you know , people worrying about going to work when their child , when their children are little and I , and I think that 's sad if they have to because they miss so much , but I , I believed after having a few teenagers that the worst time you could go , They need you more as a teenager . to go work was when they were teenagers . Is n't that true . That 's why I 'm working in a school system so that I 'm home when they 're home . 