Uh-huh . and that there would be a , a feature each day . Uh , yes . Whether it would be going to , one summer we , uh , we went up to New England and we went to the marble quarries up there , and , uh , Oh , really . to see that , and another day fish hatchery , and , Yeah . so we did , you know , we did try , and of course we learned too . Yeah . But , uh , and , uh , I do n't know , I , uh , when they were very young I did not work . Yeah , well , I started working half-time when , uh , they were at the nursery school . Uh-huh . But I MUMBLEx yet . And I , I started working part-time when they were in , um , junior high school and high school , and now , and I worked in the school system , and now I work a full school day , but that leaves me off on holidays and summers . Uh-huh . So it was a , it was a , you know , I think they need me more , Yeah . when they were older , than they did when they were , Well , uh , I think , it , uh , they need you in different ways . That 's true , yeah . You want to be around for the crisis and things like that , and , That 's right . but it 's not quite so much the hand-holding and peanut butter and jelly making . Um , yeah , that 's , that 's for sure . That 's for sure , what do you , do you have any feelings as to the trends that you see ? Well , it lo- , o- , the one trend I would say is that with so many more women choosing professional careers , Uh-huh . there are fewer of them home in the afternoons , and I do n't think it needs to be the mothers , but I think it would be nice if some of the parents would be around for a few more hours . Yeah , when they MUMBLEx , you know it was funny , I can remember , and my mother and I have talked about it , to how important it was when I came home from school . Um . It was n't really conversation , but there were always things that just tumbled out . Yes . And , uh , uh , granted the child does n't always think that they 're sharing it , but it , when they , when it 's not there they miss it . I think that 's true , but I d- , I also think that 's , at least in my experience , truer of girls than boys . Uh-huh . Even when I was there , my boys did n't share all that much with me , and certainly not to the extent I did with my mother . Yeah , yeah . No , I , I , I realize that , but it 's funny , they do n't always do it , but occasionally they do , and you want , Yeah . Uh-huh . and when they do , there 's a reason for it , that they 're sharing it , Uh-huh . and you want to be avail , at least I 've wanted to be available , when they , for some reason , they had , they were bouncing something off of me . Right . 