only outlaws will have guns then . I believe that . And I believe that too because the person that is wanting to , commit a crime is going to find a way to get a gum , a gu- , a gun , a knife , a , a rock , Yeah . a stick , whatever it is , to commit a crime with , Yeah . and it 's the honest citizens like ourselves that are responsible about use of guns , uh , we can handle it but there 's an element that ca n't . Yeah and it 's , you know , it 's got to the point now where even our , our police departments and our D E A agents and everything have to carry automatic weapons because everybody that 's in drug trafet- , trafficking has got them . They have got them outgunned . You know . Yeah . So . There was a an article in the paper just this week where I think it 's , uh , one of the gun companies , I ca n't remember which , was developing a ten metal , ten millimeter automatic pistol for the F B I -- Um . -- which would give them additional firepower . It had , held like a fifteen shot clip , Yeah . which , uh , would be able , th- , they would be able to put down anything that came at them , Yeah , that would be , but you figure you got some drug guy out there that 's got an Uzi machine gun , uh , Yeah , that 's , a thirty-eight , uh , Smith and Wesson revolver is n't going to do you much good . No it 's sure not . Huh-uh . Yeah . I have lived in , uh , Illinois at one time and they , they passed a , uh , it was n't really gun control but it was , you had to register as a gun owner , you did n't have to list your guns , Yeah . but you had to have this card , it was like a driver 's license card that you had to have it in order to buy ammunition -- Um . -- and that was the first , uh , this was twenty years ago . Yeah . But they had that so that they were trying to control it a little bit in that respect . See in California they , Pardon ? In California they make you register when you buy ammunition . Yeah . Uh-huh . You have to sign a , you know , they take your name and driver 's license number , hunter , hunting license number and all that good stuff , Yeah . before you can buy any big ammunition . Yeah . Especially for handguns , Yeah . now rifles are n't too bad , but , you know , any kind of handgun at all , if it will fit in a handgun and a rifle you would still have to buy it , Yeah . or sign up for it , so . We lived in Tennessee for awhile and I bought a pistol there and there was a fifteen day waiting period . 