And they , they wanted something worse than they , more than they respect the human life . Uh-huh . Yeah , exactly . Well , anyhow I guess we both agree that , that it is , Hang them . it should be in effect . Yeah , I agree it should be in effect . Also I agree there should be a lot of care in the enforcement , uh , so I guess I would say I want it to be in effect but I want , maybe well , I 'd , I , now I have a problem with this , too . I think our courts have too many opportunities for them to go back and get one more chance . Oh , that 's true . Well now any , uh , just believe in just about any state in the union , uh , uh , a death , uh , or , uh , yeah , death verdict is an automatic , uh , appeal . That 's correct . It is , it is . And , uh , uh , yes , I 'm inclined to agree with you . I think so , there should be a limit as to the number of appeals . Now , there 's some , and maybe , now , I do n't remember if this is Texas or not , that has something about all drug dealers can be sentenced to the death sentence . Um , um , well , n- , Convicted drug dealers . Not just for dealing in drugs . It , uh , Is it , what is , what 's the ru- , There are certain circumstances , and I do n't remember what they are . It 's something of the dis- , they 're on the distribution end . Uh , yes . They 're not selling them , they 're distributing them . It 's for the large dealers is what , Uh-huh . it 's reserved for . And they , they are in effect killing people . Oh , oh , yes , yes . I , I believe it 's any capital crime related to drugs . Oh , okay . I think that 's the way it 's worded . Is that how it 's worded ? I knew it was there but , I , I , or p- , or is it proposed or is it passed ? I do believe that 's in . Uh , I would n't swear to it myself . I believe it is , But I thought it , I thought it was in effect . I believe you 're right , though . I think it is . And I have to agree with that . Uh-huh . I , I think it certainly should be one of the options . Uh , I 've been fortunate with my children and grandchildren , so far that I know . I qualify that heavily , because you never know , but to the best of my knowledge we have n't had a major problem yet . Uh-huh . 