I just , you know , I , I do n't know what kind of , uh , I do n't know what , what level , or what , how long it will take for , you know , our country to start , the public in general to start saying , Hey , this is too much . We 're not going to pay any more . You know , we 're not going to pay for this , and you 're out , you know . I think we 're starting to see it a little bit now , but I think , uh , I do n't know what , what kind of input we 're going to get from the public and how they 're going to go about doing it . Because I think , I think we 're just getting taxed way too much . Yeah . I mean , right now we 're getting taxed probably , probably around thirty-five percent , or more . And that 's , that 's , you know , that 's me not making a whole lot of money . Yeah . Well , they got so many hidden taxes , that it 's really hard to figure out how much you are paying , because , go to a grocery store , something like that , and you 're paying a little tax here and you -- Right . -- so . Gas , I do n't know about you guys , but there 's probably at least about twenty-five to , to thirty cents of different taxes on , on our gas . Right . And you do n't realize , Yeah , we got a sales tax . Our sales tax is like eight percent , and I do n't know what our gas tax is . I think it 's somewhere around twenty five cents a gallon . Yeah . So . I mean , they 're hitting us up , and they may not raise it , you know , federally as much one year , but then they 'll raise it somewhere in the state or the sales tax or property tax or whatever . It 's just , I mean , you can see that your money is just not going that far . Yeah . Well , I know they say like with Reagan , they say no new taxes , but they changed the , uh , deductions on you , and that just raises your taxes , you know , they just get it a different way -- Right . -- so , I mean , to me , it did , uh , raise my taxes . Right , well , I mean , you could tell just by , just by how much money you have left over , and all of a sudden , I do n't know , it 's just , it 's eating me alive . Yeah , I heard someone say that , uh , if they would just , something about with the , uh , the defense budget , all that extra money they 're throwing back , if they cut back by so much percentage , it could throw back about six hundred dollars , on an average , six hundred dollars , 