Yeah , but I think there 's enough news out there that they could pass on more factual information to us , and like you said , save the commentaries because I 'm going to listen to the , the news and draw my own opinions . I do n't really need their help to do that . I , wo- , I , we 're certainly in agreement there . I do n't think radio is as bad to do that as T V is . Radio seems to have a full platter or full plate of different things that they need to get done . They 're , maybe they 're a little more efficient , Uh-huh . or have more to do over that same time frame . Right . I do n't know which that answer is . Uh , I think the , my greatest complaint about news programs is programs like SIXTY MINUTES . Do you watch that ? I used to , but I do n't anymore , maybe once or twice a year . Well , I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES until they did two programs , uh , that I knew both the people and the inc- , incidences , Uh-huh . and I knew that they had presented an extremely slanted viewpoint , Really ? that was , in my estimate , nowhere near truth but was much better for ratings . Yes . And it , ever since that time I just do n't watch . Uh , so , I guess we have the , the same reaction whether we came about it from the same place or not . Yeah . Well , I had heard a couple of people , you know , that I had talked to about certain programs say that , you know , they had read other things besides what SIXTY MINUTES presented and that they did n't present it nearly the same way as the , you know , news articles or whatever they had , they had already been familiar with . So , I started questioning just how , how bias they really were , so . I do n't know di- , I do n't know how old you are , but it seems to me like the last , uh , newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that I wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite . Huh . So , I do n't , I do n't know if you 're familiar with him or not . No , not really , you know , in the last few years just his kind of informal segments I 've seen but I never got to see his actual nightly news . I liked , I , I did grow up with David Brinkley . Uh , Well , Brinkley was sort of trying to be in the mold , Uh-huh . of Cronkite and he did a , a pretty good job . THE HUNTLEY , BRINKLEY REPORT was quite excellent , Yeah , we , over the years . we used to watch , um , him and I guess , John Chancellor . And I always liked David Brinkley and I- , and I used to enjoy John Chancellor 's style of reporting , but on the nightly news , now , he goes into his commentary and that 's where I get , get into the problem with , with him . I frequently disagree with his commentaries , so . Well , once they 've reported the facts , all they can offer is an opinion anymore . Right . What did you think of the news coverage of the war ? Well , I almost felt like it was too much . Indeed , I found myself restricting my viewing to a couple of hours a day , one in the morning and one in the evening . Uh-huh . Uh , i- , I spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst , Really ? and I do n't need their fill-ins , you know . Did that help you understand a lot what was going on your , your prior experience with the military did , Yes , but I , I think it helps me everyday in trying to review wh- , the state that the world is in and try to guess where we 're going . 