Okay . Uh , generally I get , uh , you know , most of my news , uh , in the , you know , weekly magazines like TIME , NEWSWEEK and , and , uh , U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT . With , with occasional smatterings of , of , uh , you know , THE WALL STREET JOURNAL and , of course , the local paper . Uh-huh . But , uh , my , my only complaint is I really do n't enough time to , to look at the articles every day and , and go through a paper , you know , exhaust the details . So that 's why I concentrate on weekly magazines . Do you think that the weekly magazines provide you with as much detail information as you 'd like ? Well , yes . I , I , well , I , I do n't think I have the time to really become a student in every article . Uh-huh . And , and so I , I , I like the weekly magazines , uh , because i- , it gives me , you know , the high points of what 's going on . Uh-huh . Uh , but many times , uh , you know , the , the local , uh , the local news kind of suffers , you know . But here I am , you know , cheek by jowl with our nation 's capital and , Oh , that 's right . You 're very close actually . It 's -- Yeah . -- almost a , uh , bedroom community for -- Yes . -- the capital . E- , exactly . Well , when , when the capital gang always talk about the people inside the beltway , I 'm saying to myself , hey guys , I 'm inside the beltway . But , uh , i- , it turns out that , uh , that , that the C N N is , I think , is great . Uh-huh . And for , for things like hurricanes and fast breaking events but generally , they 're , they 're , they 're more sound bitish , you know , kind of thing and , and I do n't really , uh , you know , I do n't really feel as though I 've a gotten sufficient , uh , you know , dose of news that way . Yeah . A lot of my information comes from several sources . Probably pretty high up on the list is National Public Radio . Uh-huh . Uh , which I like . Yes . Uh , I , I think it 's fairly objective and I always like the letters that they read which tend to accuse them of being too liberal and too conservative . And while there 's an inherent , uh , filtering process going on just by the letters they choose to read , uh , I always figure it 's a good thing when any given group is being accused by each side of , uh , favoring the other side . That 's , that 's potential indication of balance . And , generally , I really do believe they are pretty balanced . Uh , I also read TIME magazine and we get one of the daily newspapers around here where we go through various sections of the , uh , various , uh , of the articles and the front section and , uh , Well the MERCURY and the , and the , and the CHRONICLE are the only things that are really , can -- Oh . -- stand up there . Oh , you st- , did you use to live around here ? Uh , Redwood City . I use to work at Anteks . Oh , okay . Oh , yeah , okay . I know exactly where that is . Anteks , Amdahl and places like that . Yeah , we , we get the MERCURY which I generally think is actually a pretty good newspaper . Yeah . A- , the newspaper I really been impressed with it when I 've read it at times , i- , at , well the LOS ANGELES TIMES . Uh-huh . 