is it , I like U S NEWS and WORLD REPORT . At one time or another I 've taken them all for a year . Uh-huh . I believe in giving anything a chance . Sure . Uh , but I keep coming back to that one , so , I , that 's kind of my favorite . Does that give a pretty good overview of everything or like , does it give , um , I guess , little encapsulated reports and , and then a few big stories ? It 's primarily , um , a few big stories and then lots of high-level reports . Yeah . Uh , here 's what went on in Asia over the past week , and there 's maybe a page of that , little brief paragraphs , unless that was one of their , the focus of their main stories . That sounds good if you were short on time , you could get a summary real quick . Uh , it too is one those MUMBLEx in the interest of efficiency we all have to find ways , and I do most of my reading in the bathroom . Right . Um , and it 's one of those that I can ei- , read either an article or a couple of pages of those brief excerpts in the time frame that I 'm going to spend in there . Right . And it just seems to fit nicely , so that I can get it read in about three days . Well , we 're working on a NEWSWEEK , uh , for the last couple of months we got , you know , an introductory subscription , so , we decided to try it because prior to that all we got were things like GLAMOUR or SPORTS ILLUSTRATED . So , we decided to try to bring one in that was a little bit better for us , so to speak . Well , to broaden your horizons , make you think about different things anyway . It ca n't hurt , . Well , anytime that we stop and think it ca n't hurt . No . I , I even , I enjoy reading T NEWS , I try to catch it because it 's another example , they just , they just show you the words and the facts and they , they do n't offer any commentary , and it gives me a quick chance to , to be caught up during the day . Because , you know , we do n't listen to the radio at work at all . So , I do n't like to go the whole day without hearing anything . Oh , I 'm with you , I have to check T NEWS every , every day . It 's my noontime dose of facts . Yeah , and the other thing we have that I like to check sometimes is , um , TALKING FINGERS , do you have that ? No . You have different telephone numbers that you can dial , and then you dial in an access code and it will , depending on what topic you called in to hear about whether it was the news or the weather or a soap opera update , it will give you , um , updated information . So , that can give you , you know , current news updates , current weather updates , things like that and it 's , it 's offered through the local phone company free of charge . So , that 's , Huh . an interesting alternative occasionally that I like to use . Well , it does sound very interesting , It , maybe our phone company out here will get around to , It really is , offering something like that . yeah , it really is nice , I mean , because it gives you a wide variety of things you can call and talk , and find out about . So , that is something you might keep your eyes open for , I think it 's , it 's catching on throughout the country . 