MUMBLEx . Well , here in Logan , Utah , we 've got a nice little valley here and it 's like crystal clear all the time except for during the winter when the inversion sets in and then we get a little bit of pollution in the valley . Huh . Well , here in Seattle , uh , it 's g , the air 's getting more and more polluted . We 're , uh , we 're in kind of a basin . And , uh , Seattle is on Puget Sound which is a inland waterway between two mountains . And , uh , there 's been a lot , a lot of growth , population growth around here . And , uh , it 's , uh , it 's getting worse . I think -- Yeah . -- most of it is from cars . Yeah . Definitely . Here in Utah up along the Wasatch MUMBLEx along the western side of the , of these Rocky Mountains here , where a lot of the big cities are Salt Lake and Ogden and Provo and Logan 's up in the valley a little bit further north , we get a lot of pollution and it 's like seventy percent of it is from cars . Uh-huh . And , uh , it always really hits hard during the winter when we get the inversion . And when we get , get cold air down in the valleys and warm air up above and it just sits and sits and sits and we 're starting to hit pollution levels now on the Wasatch front which match that of L A a few years ago . Oh . It 's not , it 's almost sad . Because when I grew up here , it was just always the crisp air up in the mountain valleys and now it 's not in the mountain valleys . Yeah . Yeah , I live in the , university district and , uh , uh , it 's supposed to have about the worst air pollution . I think probably due to , uh , a lot of students going back and forth to school . Huh . And then we 're right next to Interstate Five also . They 're getting serious about things like , uh , mandatory , well they 've already passed laws where you have to get your cars checked for pollution if you 're in certain counties , emissions . Oh , yeah . MUMBLEx have they started doing that yet ? Yeah . They 've actually started doing it down along the , not in Logan up here cause we 're doing a lot better . We have a lot , population is a lot lighter up here . We have that here and , uh , they 're , they 're expanding it to , uh , more counties here . Uh , as the population spreads out and I think they 're also going to be making it , uh , mandatory for more cars . Th- , th- , there was , uh , something in the law about if your car was over a certain age , like over twenty years old , you did n't have to get it done anymore . And -- Yeah . -- I think they 're eliminating that , uh -- 