Uh-huh . -- and it 's really , you know , it 's , it gets to be a r- , a big problem . Yeah . Uh , go ahead . I wish if they were going to do it , they would be a little more consistent in dealing with who gets lethal injection and who does n't . Right . Be a little more , you know , not being able to put it off for fifteen years . Uh-huh . Yeah . Because a lot of these guys , you know , they get in and they , they get off for good behavior and , I do n't know , up in Minnesota where I am now , they do n't have the death penalty . And you can almost sense that people are just laughing at the system , you know . Because they figure well , you know , sure I , I get thirty or forty years for maybe rape or something . Uh , but then for , if I , if I elicit good behavior I 'm out in maybe five or ten . Oh , really ? Oh , sure , you know . Goodness . I mean just because , like we said before , they do n't have enough room in the jails -- Uh-huh . -- uh , you know , there 's a lot of incentive for them to be let out early . Yeah . But if you 've got the death penalty hanging over your head , uh , I do n't know , I think that may solve a lot of that . Yeah . Maybe not solve it , but , I do n't know , maybe MUMBLEx , I , yeah I tend to think the repeal system for the death penalty is a little , little too lenient . Yeah . Uh , kind of takes away from the significance of the death penalty . Uh-huh . What do you do Georgeanne ? I 'm a graduate student at the University of Texas in Dallas . Oh , okay . Great . What program you in ? Uh , audiology . Okay . Fantastic . Uh -- Yeah . What do you do ? -- I 'm a doctoral student at the University of Central Florida . Oh , really . Yeah , I 'm doing an internship up at Honeywell . Oh really ? Uh , yeah . Neat . But , uh , I do n't know . It 's , it 's an interesting issue . There 's , like you say , in Texas there 's been quite a few and , and in Florida in the last few years , I think there 's been a lot . I ca n't , I , you know , I ca n't give you figures but , uh , Yeah . I just , this was in conjunction with the guy that was put in the gas chamber in California . Uh-huh . So , I think it , the forty-sixth in the last twenty-five years I think is what -- Oh , is that right ? -- they gave a run down that Texas -- Okay . -- Texas tends to be a little more robust and disciplined area then . Yeah , I , I kind of , yeah , I 've heard things about that . 