I think tha- , -- Mile a Minute . That 's the name of it . -- Mile a Minute . Mile a Minute . Well , I 'm not sure what she does I , I , first thing that comes to mind is some kind of chain stitch because she starts and goes all the way across , you know , back and forth until she winds up with this big piece of , of afghan . I guess that is your standard knitting , is n't it ? Yeah , yeah . Usually single crochet would , is , is always starts it off . Yeah , I know , If we have a problem with our connection and get disconnected some time or other , do n't worry about it . We have a , a very small phone company down here . Oh , okay . And my husband says that 's called rinky-dink . Instead of call waiting or call anything else . No , no . We ca n't have that down here . We get disconnected all the time . Well , I guess that 's , that 's one way to end a conversation . Yeah , well , it gets a little aggravating . I 've got kids all over the United States and , and , you know , sometimes they get disconnected when I 'm talking to them . Yeah . What , have you started your garden yet ? Yes . We planted , um , potatoes and onions and bell peppers . Um , boy . Uh , what else did I get in there , and jalapeno peppers . Oh , yeah , always got to have those . Yeah . I think I had four , uh , jalapeno plants last year . I think one of them died , but I , I 've got , s- , I 've put them , I chop them up and put them in jars and usually give them away because I , there is no way that I can eat all of those nobody else in the family likes them , but always got to the keep those planted . Yeah , oh , my husband does n't like them either , but I can always give them away . Well , that 's kind of the way I am , um . Besides they 're fun to grow . I planted , uh , zucchini last year . Uh , I planted four hills of them . I think I had three or four seeds in each one of them , and those things just flat took over . Um , it was n't until late , I guess in the summer , maybe it was because it was too dry , they finally started making zucchini , and I 'm not sure when a good time to plant those is , if they should be planted early or later . It seems like all I got was , Supposedly after the soil warms up . I would think so , um , seems like these all , they all went to , uh , to leaf , and it was n't until late in the summer they started making fruit . So , I do n't know if I , Mom would say you planted them in the wrong sign of the moon . Uh-huh . You know , but I do n't , I had n't looked at a farmers almanac to find out when a good time for zucchini is . I , I doubt if zucchini is in there . It may not be , it may not be . Probably the same time the , the other squash is though . You think they 're later in the year ? Yeah . Uh . About the same time that you plant okra because it 's supposed to be warm . Well , that 's true . Most of the okra that is growing around higher is , is , uh , later okra . Yeah . Well that 's about , um , We decided this year , 