So , we have got , uh , uh , my wife and I have , uh , a bit longer ways to go than most . But , you also manage to make them . uh , actually , we , we have only made one of them since we got married about four years ago . Yeah . One of the family reunions . But we are both in school so that makes it kind of tough . Yeah . They usually , uh , they have been happening , uh , just after the summer semester starts . You ca n't really get away . Usually not . We managed to get to one . That was before I started school and she took that summer off . But , uh , Well , now that we have been talking about it , I , uh , I am kind of getting home sick now . Because it has been over three years since I have been home -- Oh goodness . -- to see my grandparents . Well , my , my grandfather is the only one that is still around . Yeah . And see , my grandmother is the one that use to plan this stuff basically . Yeah . So , unless the aunts and uncles really get on the ball and put stuff together , it is kind of like . She was like the glue , so . Yeah , I understand . Where is home for you ? Originally , uh , I , uh , was born in Missouri . Yeah . But , uh , you know , we have relatives scattered out all over Louisiana , Mississippi , uh , here in Texas -- Yeah . -- but it is harder for everyone to get in , get home . Yeah . Well , maybe this year you can find a more central location . Well , but the majority of them are in , like , just like how you said in close , close quarters . So it is easier for us few stragglers to go home . Oh , okay . Then the majority of them are still in the Missouri area . Yeah . Okay . You know our family right now , uh , the most of it , there is only a few stragglers , uh , with any distance . There is one cousin out in Colorado , uh , uh , some cousins over in Phoenix , uh , I got a sister over in , in , uh , Washington State . Uh , the rest of them are within , you know , a couple hours drive . Well , uh , how do you all communicate ? Like to plan it and every thing . Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it , or do you all like mail out stuff ? That is pretty much it . Yeah . 