I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic , uh , country , Uh-huh . and yet , you know , they have the same problem where , you know , Uh , I do n't , where kings and such , agree with that . I do n't agree , because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in , in , uh , Africa . I think they 've made a lot more chances . They , they 've , they 're very vocal . Well , in South Africa , yeah . In South Africa I think they are , but yet , you know , So , what 's the difference ? Idi Amin was , you know , in power for so long . Yeah . Uh , racial , I think , or like you say , maybe communication of knowing that , hey , up in other English colonies , or previous English colonies , everything is equal and yet down there it 's not , Yeah . you know , I think communication does have a lot to do with it , you know , in education , Yeah . maybe . I do n't know about education because the black community is still not very educated down there . So , I think it is communication , it 's just oopsy . I think it maybe has to do with a lo- , a lot to do with education because you look at the , uh , European countries , I think they tend to be more educated , much more , Uh-huh . educated than , than Africa or the Latin American countries . Yeah , that 's true . You know that , I do n't know whether , uh , actually I , I 've always wondered whether , how the education system works in the Russian countries , Uh-huh . the Republics , you know . Well , I know that Russia , they 're , they 're comparably more , better educated than we are , Really . in our country . That 's good , in a way . You know , uh , something we compete with . Yeah . Uh , and I 've been sort of disappointed how that they , they say literacy rate has gone down , you know , that 's sort of upsetting , Yeah . to think that we 're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer . In our country ? In our country , yeah , Yeah . that is really upsetting and , and , considering it 's free , you know , I mean good education is really still free . Yeah . Well , that 's just it though , good education . Uh-huh . Is it good education ? It may be free but is it good education and that 's just it are we willing to pay for it , Yeah . you know , Uh-huh . I mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all but , so are they willing to , pay for , you know quality education , you know ? Uh-huh . So , you know , and yet they , yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology , you know , that we use to dominate and it 's like well , you know , they 're educating their people to higher degrees than we do . So , you 're going to have to expect it . So what you , are you willing to compromise a little and , and pay , pay some , take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education . So , I do n't know . Uh . But , I , I , 