I 'm not sure about October . I think for about twelve months through September the , the average temperature has been higher than normal -- Really ? -- each month . Huh . Um , lots of ninety degree days during the summer . It really has been strange here this year , I mean , this whole ye- , course this whole year has been a different year in more ways than one . Uh-huh . But , uh , we had , uh , you know , all these , we have all these , uh , somebody said , you know , you 're either a stranger or a fool to try to predict Texas weather , but . Uh-huh . Well , always , they were saying it was going to be the hottest summer ever , and we had all this rain , and it really is not a bad summer at all , really cool . But all of a sudden , in , in , uh , in October , uh , September , October it got real hot and dry and just stayed that way for a long time . And , uh , then the end of October it started rain almost a week without stopping , just pouring down , you know . There were flash floods everywhere , that kind of deal , and then -- Uh-huh . -- uh , into of November , the first , like the second week , uh , you know , the first week actually , we had , we had a freeze , and the average , you know , the average , uh , first frost is like the fifteenth of November here -- Oh , if you had it early . -- but usually it 's not until later . It 's really strange . Yeah , I think we usually have a frost in October . Yeah . Uh , but , you know . We really need the rain that we 've been getting , and it has not today , but the last few days it 's been , been pouring most of the day . Is it , is it , is it flooding anywhere ? Flooding anywhere . I have not heard of it , any problems of it flooding anywhere , I mean , that 's occurred certainly at times in the past , but , uh , no , I 've not heard of any particular problems this time . It 's just kind of , uh , clou , we 're supposed to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here , uh , which will be , you know , a little bit more typical , uh , autumn weather . But really it 's strange . We have n't really had an autumn . It 's like we went into winter -- Yes . 