No , I mean yeah . They do an absolutely necessary job , I mean , I , I have a great deal of admiration for these people who can go out there and do that . Yeah . But , uh , I mean , there 's , there 's a sense of priorities here , too . Yeah . You know , we need , what 's more important , picking up the garbage or educating our kids . Yeah . They both have their place . Yeah , they , they , sure . But , you know , when it gets right down to it , I mean , one 's import , I mean , on the other hand , I mean , you take a garbage man in New York City starts out at twenty-six thousand dollars . That 's pretty good . Well I bet you there 's a whole bunch of homeless people up there who would take that job for thirteen thousand dollars a year . Yeah . I mean , my other pet peeve is unions . Yeah , oh yeah . You know , it 's just , it 's , it 's ridiculous the way unions have gone . There was a time when unions were needed . And they served a good function . And they served a good function , but there are enough laws on the books now that unions are outdated , and they 're only there to perpetuate their own , their own power structure . I remember , the company my dad worked for , the people there went on strike against the management . It was a steel manufacturing place , and they , uh , this was during a time when the import steel was so cheap , and they were having a hard time . And they told the strikers there , look , we need you to come back and get this stuff done . Or else we 're going to be out of business . And they would n't come back , so they went bankrupt . Yeah . And , and they all lost their jobs . Sure , and , and -- And it 's like , you know . -- and that 's really what happened to the steel industry in this country . Yeah . So many times , I mean , you had the , uh , the coal miners and steel workers going out at the same time . And , well , that took care of that industry -- That 's right . -- and , and , then , and I 'll tell you , Detroit worked awfully hard on , on stopping car manufacturing in this country . And they 're trying to do that now with the imports . Yeah , I mean , you know , we 've never caught up , and I do n't think we ever will . It 'll be a tough road , though . Yeah , I mean , here it is , and we 've got , we 've got to go into partnership with the Japanese to build cars . Yeah . You know . And they only did it because they , I guess they were embarrassed -- Yeah . -- that they 're so good at it . That 's about right . Gosh . Yeah , well , back to the original subject , yeah , I think youngsters ought to go out and do some public service , I do n't care what kind it is . It teaches them pride in their country . Yeah , and pride in themselves , too . That 's right . They could , they could , I mean , you could organize something just within your community . Yeah , same old thing . I mean , that 's right . That 's like Eagle Scouts . Sure . Uh-huh . And that 's a great idea . I think they ought to take them and , I do n't know , just have sort of like a , a , a manpower pool and say Okay , look , we need somebody ... 