I thought , well , at least he was honest . But , that does not sit very well with a lot of folks , I am sure . There 's some men out there that are more feminine than most women . Yeah , right . You know , Neil , well Neil as far as I am concerned , and MUMBLEx I could be wrong about this , but the only one area where a woman could not do it is if she just physically did not have the strength , Yeah , yeah , to do something . yeah . Uh , because , I would think , I think , you know , mentally , uh , and emotionally , I think women can handle a job and , Oh , I do too . every bit as well . So -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- anyway it 's still MUMBLEx , And , you know , if she wanted to go to combat , Sure . I do not see that they should stop her . I personally would not want to go but , No , I would not either . No , I agree but I am sure that there are women who would , would relish that , Oh , yeah , yeah . you know , kind of job . So , Uh-huh . Uh , I guess that should be taken into consideration , Uh-huh , as well . uh-huh . So , well , this is an interesting topic , um , I have , you know , I have , having a daughter who has gone into this , into engineering , Uh-huh . I sort of watched progress to see if she did anything differently than I did . Uh-huh . She 's a lot more forthright about her opinions and , Good . a little more assertive , than I think I was . So , that 's , that 's progress , I guess . Yeah . Well , I have enjoyed talking with you Lisa , and , Well , same here . Uh , have you talked with a lot of people in this project or , Well , I am not a home , at home a lot . Yeah . I am at work right now . Oh , yeah . I put my work number , but , at home , uh , the recorder gets my calls . Oh , yeah . Usually , I am not there , Right , but I probably talked to seven or eight people . Yeah , well , Uh-huh . that 's great , that 's good . I personally have not made any calls yet , myself , I , Yeah . just , it never crosses my mind . Yeah . Well , But I enjoy receiving them . Yeah , well , Uh-huh , uh-huh . that 's good , that 's good , because , uh , I , I guess I placed all but one or two of my calls . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , uh , only because I going to make some money , see we , our choir is doing this as a money ma- , raising project . Uh-huh . 