and yet , we 're getting , we 're subjected to this policy , you know , the same one that , uh , th- , all the engineers have to , to , well , a little different , actually , but , uh , you know , we have to go through the same thing , and it 's , but it 's , uh , it 's a little different , I guess than , than a lot of drug policies . In our case , it 's like , when you hire on , they 'll test you , and then if you get injured on the job , if you like trip and fall or something , uh , they give you a drug test right away . Oh , really ? Other than that they do n't have random testing or anything like that , but , a lot of people were really upset with the policy at first . Particularly , like , uh , we have a lot of parties and stuff where they serve alcohol , and tha- , they did n't find any problem with that , you know , but , Right . Uh , We , that 's been an , a , an issue , uh , in our company even though we do n't have the random or even regular drug screening . In fact , they 'll have these little parties , and people will just get , I mean , I 've , my brother lives where I work , and I have many a time called him to come get me , you know . And , uh , uh , but , y- , you know , they do n't think twice about serving beer by the keg . Yeah . You know , but , uh , I think drug testing , and I , I do n't know , I guess I k- , I think it 's got some relevance , but I think its relevance is pretty limited . I mean , I think , you know , in your case , I do n't think that you should necessarily be subjected to drug testing . Yeah . I think that 's an interesting policy your company has about testing immediately after an on the job accident . Yeah , it 's really , it 's really bizarre . Uh , particularly , like where we are , you know . I , I , there was a story of a woman last year who , who actually did slip on the ice and , and like sprained her ankle and she , she was a personnel secretary and she had to get tested and , I do n't know I 'm ambivalent about the whole thing . I , you know , I have a lot of mixed feelings about on the one hand , it 's like if , you know , they 're , they should be able to make it as a continue of employment in some sense 