MUMBLEx not be a very good conversationalist on fishing . I do n't do a lot of it . Well , I do love to fish . Well good , maybe I can learn something . Well , I do n't know how much you can learn . I 'm not so sure I 'm good at it , but I do enjoy doing it . Do you ? Yeah . Well , it is fun , what little I do . Of course , I do n't , you know , I think when they refer to different kinds of fishing I told my husband last night when I had called and they had , told me that this was a topic , I said , well , I can tell them how to fish with a minnow or how to fish with a worm . He said , I do n't think that 's the different kinds of fishing they 're talking about . Well , I hope it is , there 's not a whole lot of different kinds . That 's about the only kind I know how to do . I do n't do a lot of deep sea fishing , I , because I get seasick , but -- Uh-huh . -- we have a lot of lakes here in this area -- Uh-huh . -- and I do a lot of fishing for , uh , bass . We have a lot of , uh , uh , couple of lakes in our area that are fil , just filled with good sized bass . Uh-huh . And then when I get tired of them outwitting me , I fish for catfish -- Uh-huh . -- and we use worms and shiners , which is pretty much like minnows -- Uh-huh . -- a little bit bigger than minnows , and then I also use spinner baits and plastic worms . Uh-huh . It all depends on what I 'm fishing for , and the time of day . Well , it sounds like you do quite a bit of it . I do . Uh , there 's a lake like maybe two or three miles from here , and -- Uh-huh . -- it 's very convenient on afternoons when I want to just get away and sit and think . Fishing 's a good way to do that , and I have a lot of friends who like to go fishing . Do you have a boat ? No , I do n't . I have a friend who has a little infla , inflatable raft , and we -- Uh-huh . -- use that sometimes . Uh-huh . I wish I had a boat , but I do n't . I think the lakes are probably different in Michigan than they are in Texas . The ones around here are so big , that you can fish off the dock -- Uh-huh . -- but unless you have a boat you ca n't really get into the , where they call the good fishing holes , you know . Right . That 's the same way here , is n't it ? Is it ? You have to get back in the sticks in the , 