If I absolutely had to have something , I could go use it . Uh-huh . But , uh , mostly we just spent cash . Whatever we had . And if we did n't have it , we absolutely did n't spend it . But then , as things improved , you know . Once , once I got them all through college , uh , it came to the point where , uh , my parents came through the depression . I 'm not sure how old you are . Well , my , you know , my , my parents too . You , you -- But my , -- you were born in , in the , in the late thirties or early forties . Late thirties , yeah . Uh-huh . Yeah . And , uh , my mother hardly ever spent anything on herself or on the house . And that 's kind of the way I was raised . And so I 'm not a very demanding person in , in that aspect . So for quite a period of time , I just flat did n't spend any money . Um . Now , meanwhile , I got , had a , a building bank balance . And my intent was that whenever something went on sale that I really had to have , I would have the cash to buy it right then and there . Uh-huh . And not ever have to spend any money on interest . Well , that , that 's good . And that , that 's the way I 've operated ever since then . It , and you know , if , if something goes on sale and I do n't have the money , I still do n't buy it . Well , we , we buy what , well , we just got through buying a twenty-five foot refrigerator , a new ceramic top stove , and a new dishwasher . Oh my . And , and we put twenty-eight hundred dollars on the charge . Along with my trip to Japan -- Oh my ! -- which was , was fourteen or fifteen hundred dollars and you know . Oh my . Right . I mean , we just , we got a monster , you know , bill coming in . But , but we also have zero in- , interest being paid . And we pay it off as , as it goes . Uh-huh . And that 's the way I do my credit cards now . Yeah . So we never really get that much over , uh , over extended . Yeah . I do almost all my purchasing on credit cards . Huh . But it 's the fact that I have enough of a , of a cushion in the bank so that when they come , I can pay them in full . Yeah . We 're , we 're doing that . We have , you know , uh , th- , this is our , our , our big , uh , we did redecorating . Two , you know , two new pieces in the ref- , in the family room and new carpet . I mean we just -- Oh my . -- uh , we 've just been spending , spending , spending . I 'm envious . Well I , Bu- , but we have n't really done anything for a long time because we 've , we 've had two kids in college that -- Uh-huh . -- just have graduated in the past year . So we 're , you know , we do n't have that . It 's time for you to do these things then . Right ? Yeah , 