there 's been a couple of other the people , uh , most of whom are like me that work in , in speech labs that are going to use data base , Oh , I see . eventually . So , uh , it was fun I , actually yesterday , I ended up talking to somebody else from the same lab I 'm in . Is that right . Well , we spent last week end in Charlotte with real good friends that had just , Oh . moved to back East from Oklahoma , Uh-huh . and she 's , uh , working on this project too , I mean she 's talking on the project too -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we got back Monday and I got a call yesterday and it was her , on T I Network . Uh , that 's neat . I have n't , uh , I have n't had something like that happen , just , uh , just getting the one guy , Uh-huh . from the lab . Uh , you 're sure have a nice town , uh , my , uh , sister lives on Lake , Oh , does , Norman , just , she , that 's nice out there . Yeah , uh , we keep wanting to get down there and visit them over the Summer and it 's , Uh-huh , never really works out . yeah , it 's real pretty . Yeah . Well . Traffic , not much else we do for vacation really , uh , just so we do n't , have n't been able to take really . Are you a golfer ? No . No . Me either . No . Are you guys , No , uh-huh , golfers or , uh , no , uh-huh , nope , not too much into sports . Except our outside MUMBLEx , though . Just walking that 's all . Oh , I do n't think there are any , traveling that was in my early teens down in that area and I 'm know real sure there are , um , No professionals . When , uh , I was thinking I might be minor league but , Oh , there 's one in Salem , Salem Rebels . Yeah . Salem Rebels , Buccaneers . Buccaneers . Oh , okay . Yeah , um , yeah , I may be seeing them , um , in a town just west of here , Frederick has a , uh , has a minor league team that plays in the same league with Salem and , uh , I think we may be seeing them this , Oh , weekend . is that right up there in Frederick ? Yeah , I think they 're out of town . Uh-huh . Yeah . Uh , that 's a nice little town actually , Frederick , uh , I 've never been up there . I 've never visited Baltimore . I 'd like to go just sight see a little bit sometime . Oh , there 's , there 's some nice things in Baltimore , you know , the Inner Harbor and the , uh , Uh-huh . the Aquarium and all that are very nice . Uh , they 've just done a , uh , you known , I , you know , the Aquarium is one of those things that , you know , because everybody , 