That 's awful . you know , the guy gets out in two months and he goes out and commits it again . Fact , he 's back in jail now . So , what , what , uh , Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes . Yeah . What , what deterrent does he really have ? Yeah . Yeah , I think in our , in our particular neighborhood , vigilantism is becoming a real , real possibility . Uh-huh . Uh , we 've had a couple instances where break ins where the people have actually , you know , shot the people -- Oh , my God . -- and , uh , return offenders have , they 've actually waited for them , where they 've robbed , you know , particular neighborhood , they 'll rob one house , then other people will wait up , you know , and wait for somebody to do something else , try to take it in their own hands . Right . Course it does n't always work out in their favor . Right . But , uh , nevertheless , Uh-huh . I think people are just getting fed up and saying , you know , you ca n't arrest all of us , you can , Right . you know , you can get some of us , you ca n't get all of us . Uh-huh . Uh , and we 're beginning to see more and more of that . And that , that 's a deterrent , too . If you think the home owner might be armed , right , and awake -- Yeah . -- here you break in , and you 're going to get shot . Yeah , that 's , I mean that 's certainly a possibility in , in , we have had a few cases where the guy has broken in , you know , during the middle of the night and gotten himself shot to death . Uh-huh . And , uh , it helps for a while -- Uh-huh . -- but then just another different set of people come in , and most of the people are transients from out , outside of the state . Huh . Uh , I would say probably eighty percent of them that are caught , they 're from places like up in Oklahoma , and Louisiana , Arkansas , you know , across the , the border . Wow , So , you know , people who do n't readily read the newspapers in our town or whatever -- Uh-huh . -- it 's not many from the local communities . Uh-huh . But , uh , it 's a problem , and I , I just , I think that the court systems need to be more accurate in , in , stiffer in their penalties , Yeah . would be a definite deterrent and , Yeah . and , uh , giving the , uh , police , uh , agencies a little bit more jurisdiction over what they do when they , when they catch these people . Uh-huh . I mean , I , I tend to agree with you . 