and I 'm in charge of raising them , so I can appreciate it . You do n't , well , I 'm , I 'm still home with , with my last one , and I would n't trade , change a minute of it for anything . Oh , good for you , good for you . But , I , I ca n't , I ca n't help but think that eventually the pendulum 's going to swing back the other way again . Well , you know , it 's interesting , because when I heard the topic , I was thinking , uh , this summer Oprah had a T V show -- Uh-huh . -- about wives that refused to go to work , and how their husbands thought they were terrible , and one woman had four children , and her husband said she was n't pulling her own weight in the family -- Oh , yeah , that 's , -- that 's frightening -- Yeah , it , it 's sad , -- and , it , you know , it was almost from the audience participation it was almost a social issue , you know -- Uh-huh . -- people were siding with the husband , saying , You 've got to go to work , if you have these four children , you 've got to support them , and nobody would give her credit for being -- Uh-huh . -- home and raising them . Yeah , I , I think too many people feel they need to live a more extravagant life-style than necessary -- That 's true . -- uh , you know , to , I , I do n't think , you know , the kids do n't benefit from the bigger house and the fancier cars , and , and , and this type of thing . I think that they would from the , you know , attention or whatever -- That 's true . -- uh , but , it , I , uh , I , I do n't know , I , I see it as a major problem and I think it 's going to have to swing back the other way , because I think we 're going to have an awful lot of kids who are going to have major problems from all this . Yeah , well , you know , I , as I said , I teach school -- Uh-huh . -- and , gosh , I 'm trying to think , I do n't know , I have one woman , one mother that I know is home , but she also has ten children . What , what grade do you teach ? Six , seven and eight . Six , seven and eight . I 've got a chi- , uh , where do you live ? Are you out , In Richardson . In Richardson , we 're in Plano here . Oh , okay . I have a daughter in middle school , and , uh , I know there are n't very many , she has a few friends that have moms who are still at home , but do you see , um , you know , do you ever , do you ever see problems , you know , that you feel -- Oh , yeah . -- you know , that the kids are left alone too much , and , I 've got one child , um , that stays with me every day until five , because his mother does n't come home until seven , and he does n't want to be home from three thirty until seven by himself . He stays at school ? Uh-huh . And the school allows that ? Well , he stays with me -- Uh-huh . -- and I have a tendency to work late . I work until six -- Uh-huh . -- so he stays with me until five thirty and then goes home -- Oh , my , -- and , you know , I have lots of kids , because they know I 'm there late -- Uh-huh . -- I 'm a slow mover to say the least , but , um , they 'll come in and say , Can I stay with you because I do n't want to go home to an empty house . And that 's frightening , because , you know , the , when I said I , I 'm , I 'm raising them , I am , because we 're talking about boy friends and we 're talking about what the girl said in class , and , you know , what 's right -- Uh-huh . 