See , and we 're , uh , that , we , I , I grew up with , you know every weekend there was some visiting somewhere . Uh-huh . Um , and it was sort of an Italian family , Um . um , but my children , we , although we have some relatives in the area that we , we see , we , they do n't ha- , it 's not that constant -- Right . -- thing where you are on intimate terms with cousins . Well , when my kids were quite small , Uh-huh . uh , we lived close to both sets of grandparents and they saw them a lot , but they do n't have any cousins , uh , or they did n't , Yeah . their , uh , their cousins are about ten years younger . Uh-huh . So , uh , they never played together or anything . Yeah . And there are only two of them and they did n't live in the same town . that the trend of , of families and time , where , where parents are spending less time , you do n't have the families , too , to take up the gap . That 's right . And so the kids in some ways are , are , are suffering a little bit , in that , uh , the model , the role models that get the , the , the family issues that get discussed , Yeah . and all these , I think are very important parts of them growing up , Uh-huh . so we , we try to , to do it as well as we can . We keep in close contact with grandparents and talk over the phone , Uh-huh . and cousins and aunts and uncles , and we do , but it 's , although it 's not the same , we are , and that 's part of , I think , teaching too , is what a family is like , because then h , how do they pattern their own ? Well everyone makes its own model , but , uh , i- , it seems that there should be some continuity , Yeah , Um . and it 's helpful to have , uh , things that become family traditions , and that sort of thing . That 's , yeah . Well , we 've always , we have had this tradition , um , that we always go out before Christmas and cut our own tree . Uh-huh . And that 's always been a little bit of a tradition that we 've had . Now , this year , it 's , was hard with our son now being in college . Yeah . So this was one thing that we , um , were n't able to do this year , but we did that for e- , from the time the children were young enough to realize what it was until , uh , our older son went away to college . Oh , well , that 's the kind of thing that they will remember , though . And we have advent calendars still , Uh-huh . from the time that they came , you know , to , Ours finally disintegrated . Oh . We had a felt one that was li- , it was a Christmas tree that had , uh , a little trinket for each day , Oh , yes . that was pinned on the date , That 's , uh-huh . and then you took it off and put it on the tree , so at the end you had a decorated tree . Well , o- , ours is , uh , a friend -- And it finally got moth-eaten , we threw it way last year . -- uh , a friend of mine from Denmark hand appliqu3ed one for each child . How nice . And , I mean , they look today as new as they did when they gave them to , she gave them to us , and there 's a ring and you buy a present , Oh , I see . and you wrap the present up , 