Uh , the thing I do n't like , I know that certain states actually sell their , uh , their lists like , uh , motor vehicles . Uh-huh . That really burns me because , hey , you 're required . You have to do that . Right . And nowhere does it say you h , asks you whether you have permission or not to sell your name or information regarding that to anyone . Uh-huh . And I think that , it , it 's one thing f- , to , uh , voluntarily give it because someone asks . You can always refuse but it 's another thing where it 's required by law and then they go ahead and take that information and sell it to somebody . Right . Uh , That , You know , I do n't think , I do n't think they have the right to do that . I agree with you there . That 's something that , uh , people have seen . Oh , here 's an easy way to make some money . But , uh , I do n't know if that 's been challenged in the courts or not . I , I 've heard , fairly recently , uh , some talk about that in this , in , in my state . Uh , the budget problems up here are , are pretty tense . And people are looking for alternate ways of , uh , en , enhancing revenue is the , uh , phrase they use . And they were talking about selling the D M V lists and there was a lot of , uh , a lot of , uh , consternation about that and the last I heard they 'd backed down from that idea . But it really makes you wonder what other lists you 're own that have been made , uh , public that you , do n't know about . Well , that 's easy . Whenever you donate money to someone ? Uh-huh . They , you become , put on something like a sucker list and you start getting millions of calls or -- Right . -- solicitations . And then you s , y- , y- , it kind of makes you feel MUMBLEx from doing it again . Uh-huh . Like , uh , National Public Radio or any of these , the public , uh , stations , you know . Uh-huh . I , I , I , I think I sent in , in money for , f- , once to , uh , to public , uh , T V . Uh-huh . And I started getting calls from all sorts of diseases and syndromes and -- Huh . -- everything you could imagine . I , it 's like , and it just started soon after I had done that one . 