Well , you know , why they actually held them off ? None of the Yankees wanted to listen to their kind of luted grammar . That could be it , could be it . Now , you did n't hear me say that . Outside of , uh , And then the last Civil War battle was fought at Val Verde , you know , over there on the Texas border you had a lot of , of groups heading for Mexico and they were cut off at the pass more or less , at Eagle Pass . And they did n't get across the river there so they 're , the last , and that was actually after the war was over but it was the last , Yeah . organized battle between the two units was in Texas , so . Oh . Yeah , Texas participation in the Civil War was , uh , minor at , uh , it 's been , Boy , do n't tell that to a native Texan though , Yeah . I mean , my god , they fought and won the whole thing . Yeah , well , my wife 's from Galveston , so . Oh . Yeah . Well , I 'm from New Mexico so , you know , I was , That 's a beautiful state . That 's a beautiful state . See I was raised in the Midwest which , Uh-huh . you know , hell , we did n't even , you know , we did n't even know where the Mason Dixon Line was , and besides , you know , if corn did n't grow there , Huh . it did n't matter . It sounds like Iowa or something . Iowa and Nebraska . Uh-huh . Yep . And then I had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so , you know . Uh-huh . What does that make me , an honorary Yankee or , Yeah , on , yeah . God knows what . Oh , well , my sister 's living in Illinois right now , so . Well then , she 's going to come out well rounded . Yeah . But outside of those kind of things , you know , the other thing that I 've really gotten into reading , and I think this is because the kids are getting to me , Uh-huh . is science fiction . I 've always kind of enjoyed it . I , I used to read a lot more than I do now . Well , I 've gone to the point where my husband , my husband travels , I get out like , you know , two or three books . Uh-huh . And I , I 'm trying to think of , oh , Isaac Asimov , ROBOT series . Yeah . I mean , I think I 've read all four of them and I understand that there 's a fifth . Uh-huh . In the last six weeks he 's been on the road a lot . I just turned around and looked at my brief , at my briefcase , my , uh , bookcase up here and I see ARMAGEDDON up there . 