well , not really . I 've got the , every day I 've got to , uh , read to kindergartners , so I 'm going to be down on the floor with them . I 've got about forty kindergartners I 'm going to be doing , working with every day for , uh , you know , a half hour . So I 'll be , I 'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because I 'm , I 'm , if I 'm going to be down on the floor messing with them , I 'm not going to wear nylons and , you know -- Well , -- nice nylons and dresses . What I wear sometimes depends on , on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in -- Right . -- since I 'm a sub , and have different rooms to go to . And always carry a sweater . Well , of course , you 've been at Clark enough that you know it 's always cold . Yes . But , you do n't know , uh , I guess at some of the other schools you go to unless you 've been there . No , you try to layer , so you can add or , or -- Subtract . -- or take off . Right . And it 's , it 's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual , uh , I , I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools . That 's one of things , one of the things I ask about , you know , whether , whether she would allow slacks and she said she does n't have a problem with that , she just did n't like sloppy dressing . Uh-huh . And , and I said , well , you know , that was okay . And I 'm , basically , I just , you know , I wear slacks year round except every , about once a week I try to wear a skirt . And , and in the winter , you know , I just add a , maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer . And add a heavier jacket or , you know , wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer . Uh-huh . That 's about , I do n't , I do n't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and , you know , look really , Right , and , well , for me sometimes , they even have dress up days or they , you know , have , have spirit week that , that you wear your different outfits -- Yeah . -- and you have to have the color for that particular school if you , if you choose to participate in -- Right . -- spirit week . And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some -- And you never know that , though -- -- sort of hat . -- sometimes when you 're going in , do you ? No , but because I sort of stick to several schools , uh , I 'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and , and might , might remember to do it . Right , right . And then many schools on a particular day during , uh , I guess football season , maybe all year long , they wear the school colors for , uh , game day -- Right . -- which , On what , Thursd- , Thursday . Right , it might be Thursday for the high schools and it may be Friday for the senior high schools . 