Uh , housing prices are , you know , like from four to ten times more expensive than , uh , uh , they were where I came from in , uh , Dallas . Oh , you moved from Dallas to San Francisco . Yeah . So , uh -- That is a hugh difference . -- uh , that presents a , a real shock . Yeah . Ac- , ac- , actually our standard of living has gone down somewhat since we 've moved to California but , But you have good sour dough and it 's a beautiful place to live . Yeah . It 's God 's country . Yeah . Uh , and one way you know that is that only God can afford it . Uh , so budget is not a problem for us . Uh , at least it has n't been . It may , may be at this point . But , uh , up until this point it really has n't been . When I , uh , was in , uh , undergraduate school a long , long time ago , I , uh , noted that the monthly salary , starting average monthly salary salary for engineers that , you know , in my discipline , was like oh , six hundred ten dollars a month or something like that . And , uh , I noted at that point that I was , you know , if that 's what my salary was that I drew then I would be making almost twice as much as my father made during his best year ever . So I stopped worrying about money . Yeah . And it , never have worried about money since then . Well , that , that 's a system too . Sometimes , uh , it 's a bit of a , a problem , you know , because I guess I do n't really manage my money the way I should . But , uh , I suppose I 've lost money on not taking good advantage of , of , uh , investments but , Well then again , you know , you said you , you are able to take trips . And you do , obviously , have enough to live on so I guess you 're indirectly budgeting . Uh-huh . Uh , just bye-bye the fact that you said you 're both very frugal , uh , in spending the money . So , I mean that 's , that 's a form of budgeting I would think . It 's , it 's kind of a strange topic to , to try to , for two people who do n't really have a budget to talk about budgeting and how they manage their money . Well , I guess we 're both lucky in that regard then . Yeah . How big is your family ? Uh , well we 're , we have one on the way . I see . Uh , my wife , and then , we 're , we 're having one on the way in , uh , in , uh , September . So how , you , whe , once you get ten children though , you may have , No I think it 's just going to be one . Oh , all right . How about yourself ? I have two kids . Uh , one -- Oh . -- nine and one thirteen and they are beginning to be a budget problem but , uh , have not been really up until this , up to this point . Do they budget at all ? I mean do you have them on an allowance ? I give them a , I give them an allowance and they , uh , I basically give my son ten dollars a week and I put half of it in the bank and I give , give him the other half in cold cash . Yeah . And , uh , he has a teller card so he can , uh , do what he wi , do what he wishes with the money that I put in the bank . But , at least , it is n't , you know , burning a hole in his pocket . 