Of course , now fifty percent divorces in the United States , uh , my mother , uh , was treated very badly , uh , in a , by a lot of people , family members , um , especially from my father 's side of the family , and also , uh , uh , uh , we were , uh , Uh-huh . ostracized by his family , uh , basically just , you know , uh , we just kind of dropped off the face of the earth . Right . And , they all felt that th- , there was never an issue that my father was the , was the cause of the reason for the split up , even though he had impregnated another woman and forced the divorce . Oh , mercy . Uh , it was always my mother 's fault , she was not , uh , sufficient , you know , she just was not good enough . What was wrong with her , was she not attractive enough , did she not take good enough care of her man to keep his interest . It was that kind of an attitude . Yeah , that , that 's too bad . So , uh , yeah it was too bad , it was really rough . Um , um , that 's sad . It really is . Uh , so , you know , that 's so changing , some of the changing roles of women in that respect , I have been a product of . Uh-huh . Um , I think that there are people that , I think that , uh , I was a- , I was first generation going to college in my family . Uh-huh . Uh , first , my mother had always had a quote career , but always a career as a , uh , uh , in a secretarial position . She did rise to the highest position that a woman could rise to in a secretarial pro- , profession in Des Moines , Iowa . That 's , that 's wonderful . She was a secretary to , uh , uh , the jud- , to , uh , a circuit court judge , federal judge . Uh-huh . And it was a lifetime appointment for her as well as for him . So , that was a really high , high status position . Well , that 's wonderful . She made over thirty thousand , That speaks , a year . well of your mother . Well , yeah , she a real hard la- , She had high standards . Yeah . Yeah . hard driving lady with a steel rod up her back , you know . Oh , bless her heart . But , uh , so I went to college and now since have completed two master 's degrees and I am the director of music in a church . Um , and but it 's interestingly enough , I am still , everyday , confronted with , Challenges . Absolutely . Uh-huh . Challenges that have to do with my sex . Right . Uh , for instance , uh , well , you know , I am just not taken as seriously , you know , Uh-huh . at professions , as many of the wom- , as many of the men who are doing the same job I do . And , uh , the choir members treat me differently because I am a woman , they expect me to be more motherly , they question my authority more , uh , than they ever would a man . And I have experience with this , because I work at both , both as a director of music and also as an associate under a man . Uh- , uh-huh . So I am pretty , I am pretty ob- , pretty cons- , I mean , I am pretty aware of what goes on -- Surely . -- uh , in the church . So , basically that 's , that 's , well I am done talking . Do you want to talk ? . Well , I think that you carried forth your subject matter very well , uh , Nickie . And I can , uh , relate to that , uh , Uh-huh . uh , I think it 's , it 's the image that the woman has and , uh , in the world , 