and , Yeah , which might be a bigger problem than it would be , uh , Oh , sure . Yeah , absolutely . So y'all , you have n't had any , any jobs painted in your house or recently MUMBLEx . No , we 've have , uh , done a little painting ourselves , um , we painted the bedroom , uh , well within the last t- , couple of months , That 's fun . and we have , we have some more that need to be done , Uh-huh . but the , the problem that we 've , we 've owned this house almost five years now , and , um , when we bought it the , um , it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired , MUMBLEx but the daughter was a real estate agent and she was selling it and it 's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house . So she told us that the house had been , uh , professionally painted recently . And it looked pretty good , you know , the , uh , the interior walls all basically white , but they obviously had been done without to much , uh , wear afterward . The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the wood- , uh , the door frames , Uh-huh . when we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it . Uh , that 's not very , Big long strips . So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly . And some of still has to be redone . Oh , they just painted over varnished wood . Yeah , Oh , my , well , no actually it had been , uh , it would have been , it had been a repaint job . Um . But they had not , either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top or they had n't really roughed it up or whatever they , because it was woodwork so it looked as if it had been painted , Uh-huh . correctly with , you know , uh , an enamel or something , but , um , it had not , either that or it had not been prepared underneath and it was greasy or something , Sure . it comes off in strips , I mean not even little bit . So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time , Oh , no . we know what a job it 's going to be because you almost have to strip the whole thing , Um . in order to do it again . I wish you good luck . Okay . Thank you very much . Thank you . Bye-bye . Bye . 