Okay . Well , let 's see , well , we keep our paper , paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and , glass and , uh , plastics and , uh , we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they 're full . I guess we collect m- , milk cartons and whatever p- , other plastics are acceptable . Are you in the part of town where , uh , they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling ? No , no , I did n't think that anybody had those at all yet . Well , maybe they do n't . I , I know that was supposed to be in May and I could n't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was , was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were . Right . Well , no , I have n't seen any , so I , I thought that it all , had all been delayed several times . So I have no idea what they look like and , I 'm -- Yeah , th- , -- kind of anxious to see them . That 's going to be interesting because it 's , uh , we 've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is , uh , I look at our big green containers , and I say , well , they work fine and I keep mine outside the garage so that I do n't have any odors but -- Oh , right . -- it 's clearly a place where , uh , uh , it will be interesting to see how well that works and I am , I 'm glad the community is doing it . Uh , it 's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people . Uh , I do n't know if , where you grew up in your , what you saw back , uh , years ago , but for me the thing that strikes me is I , uh , growing up in rural South Dakota where , hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery -- Right . -- would candle them and package them is that , uh , in the fifties , uh , you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now . Right . Which was all the milk bottles were glass and you got a nickel or dime , which in that time was a lot of money , when you returned them . Pop bottles -- Oh . -- all had a deposit on them . Oh , of course . That , they did . You know actually , we had milk delivered to our house -- Oh . -- in glass bottles and we had a milk shoot at the side of the house . 