that 's , uh , I do n't know . There 's other kinds of service to the country that could be done , you know , Yeah , I mean if you do n't like , I mean , working in the national parks , Sure . Uh , working , clean up the roadsides -- Exactly . -- I mean , I 've always felt that people on welfare should be required to spend at least part of their time , Oh yeah , absol- , not all the time because that takes away from their opportunity to look for a job , but at least some of their time to look for , to go out and clean up the roads . Absolutely . You know , I mean , All these , all this money that we 're throwing away to pay people to go out and do things when we 're paying all these welfare recipients , and if they 're able-bodied people , I do n't see any problem at all with having them go out there and , and , if nothing else , get a group of them together and take them around to old folks -- Yeah . -- places and let them cut the yards , paint the houses . Yeah , we 'd learn service to other people -- Sure , sure . -- in this country . So I 'm , get something out of that money . Country would benefit , Yeah I 've , I mean , uh , yeah , yeah , my next door neighbor when I was growing up , worked for the unemployment division , and his sole job was just tracking down people who were getting benefits and able-bodied and , That right . Yeah , and he , he had all kinds of horror stories . You know , these guys go down there and get their unemployment checks , and , back , back in those days they also use to give you , uh , booklets good for , uh , clothing and gas , and things like this . Yeah . They get all this stuff together and sit down and have poker games -- Yeah . -- you know , and I 'm , I jus- , I have a hard time dealing with that . What I hear one time , I think it was on Paul Harvey 's , uh , radio segment , that he said that if the money that goes into welfare each year was to be given directly to the people without all the middle people in the government bureaucracy , each person would receive like forty-five thousand dollars . Uh-huh . I mean , I was astounded . 