At the same time , it had a story line about people trying to find themselves . There were parts that were sad . I mean , it just ran the gamut of emotion . Uh-huh , uh-huh , and , And , but it was just enter , all around entertaining . How long did that movie run ? Uh , it 's still on , to the best of my knowledge . But , I mean , time wise , how long , was it -- Oh . -- two hour or , Uh , it 's , I think it 's less than two hours . Uh-huh . Okay , okay . We , we rented one recently that seemed to go on forever . That always seems to happen when you rent them , you know . Yeah , but this one , it was fairly long . I , I 'm guessing probably an hour and forty-five minutes , maybe . Uh-huh , uh-huh , and , uh , it , But excellent acting by Billy Crystal and -- Was it , oh , good . Bruno Kirby , Uh-huh . -- uh , who was the , oh , Jack Palance had an excellent part in there as the old cowboy . Oh , great . So we really enjoyed that . Oh , well , I 'm looking forward to seeing that one . That was next on our list , so , uh , Yeah , I think that , uh , I can highly recommend that movie this , to see . Okay , okay , good deal -- Yeah . -- good deal . Do you rent movies very often , or , Uh , we generally rent a couple a week . Uh , in order to get a decent movie to have on a weekend , you 've got to rent it on Thursday . Right . Right . They get -- That 's exactly right . -- they get taken up at the store , so , Uh-huh , uh-huh . We will rent two or three movies on Thursday and , uh , with luck , you 'll have one or two that are good . Yeah , right , right . Most of them are a coin flip . Oh , gosh . Yeah , yeah . And we usually have , oh , , we do n't get out as much as we like . We have two children , so we occasionally get out to the movies -- Yeah . -- but , uh , it 's , it 's fun , it 's a fun thing to do to get out and -- Yeah , well , -- be entertained for once . Quite frequently , we have our grandchildren on the weekends -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we 'll try to rent something that they can see as well as something else that we can see and , Uh-huh . 