We 're supposed to talk about crime in the city . Uh-huh . And , uh , seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays , does n't it ? Well , uh , I , that 's , sure . Uh , I , I think it 's s- , st- , statistics , obviously , vary greatly . I always thought of Dallas as being a fairly safe place . Well , it is , but our crimes up here , uh , as I think it must be in most cities now , but , uh , I was listening to the news the other day and they said they thought a lot of it , the reason it was up so was because of the , uh , so many people are without work nowadays , economy 's so bad . Do you really believe that ? I mean , it , it 's been up every year for many years and the economy has n't been , this bad for so long , has it ? That 's a good point . That 's just what they quoted over the news . Yeah . I do n't know if I believe that or not , but , it , it does seem up and , What kind of newspaper do you get down there ? What kind ? Yeah . Well , we got a , I think we got a pretty good newspaper . Uh , we have two , the MORNING NEWS and the , uh , TIMES HERALD . Uh-huh . MORNING NEWS seems to have the largest circulation . I think it 's a pretty good , it 's a locally owned paper . Uh-huh . The HERALD is owned , I think , by the TIMES out of , uh , L A , or somewhere . Yes . But , D , do they , do they play up the local crime angles or d , or do they , Well , they do n't , no , not really , uh , they do n't play it up , I do n't think . Uh , but there , there is too much of it , you know , uh -- Uh-huh . -- too many homes broken into . Yeah . We had our , our , fact about , uh , last year sometime our home was broken into . Really ? We , So this is a topic of personal interest . Yeah , we , uh , uh , I did n't think ours ever would be burgled into , burgled , but , so many in our neighborhood had been , and , uh , because we live on a corner -- Uh-huh . -- and back up to a real , uh , highly traveled main street . Yeah . But , uh , we were , so , uh , So , so you saw this happening in your neighborhood and you figured it would n't happen to you . Sort of , yeah . And I never did get a security system , but since that happened , I certainly have . Yeah , what kind of system do you have ? It 's , uh , uh , I guess , excuse me , just a standard . Uh , , with the , uh , all the doors and the , uh , infrared thing , you know , motion detector . 