Really ? Yeah , and then , of course , I know . we have a home so it 's , you know , a lot time is spent doing things as far as the yard work or housework or , Yeah . you know , that type of thing . I , I set a goal for myself to read a book a month this year which is like about eleven more books than I would have read last year , but so far I 've only read like two books and so I 'm not doing very well but , But see I do crafts too , Yeah . so it 's hard , I , if I have a minute that 's what I , I do . Yeah , I find it 's real hard , I let papers , newspapers stack up and magazines stack up , if I do n't really set aside a time to look or read them . That 's the , and , and that 's like myself I 've , I 've , I miss it , because I really find it a very relaxing hobby too . Yeah . I really do and , um , I do n't know it seems like you can get lost in a book , you know , it , it , Uh-huh . it 's like an escape for me . I do n't know about you . Yeah . It 's , if I 'm really interested in what I 'm reading , I mean , hours can go by and I , I look up at the clock and say , oh , my word , you know . Uh-huh . In fact , I 'd rather read sometimes than watch T V . Yeah , oh , I would too . But I think you get out of the habit , like you say , you have to like kind of set yourself , Kind of train your mind . Yep . Have you ever read , uh , or heard of the book THIS PRESENT DARKNESS ? No . That was one of the books I read this year , and it 's really fast paced and intense . It was a nonfiction book or is a fiction book but it was ar- , it was one of the best I read , I mean , it was real good , and it was , um , it was one of the few books that like it , you know , just hurry up and go through without putting down , you know . Yeah , right . See that 's the other problem I have . If I start into something and I really enjoy what I 'm reading , Uh-huh . then I have a terrible time getting away from it too . I 'll stay up until two or three o'clock in the morning , you know , because I 'm so engrossed in it and then before you know it , it 's time to get up and go to work . You know , that type of thing . Yeah . That 's why I , I do n't know I 'm , I 'm kind of a nut when it comes to stuff like that . Even if I 'm , uh , doing something like an afghan , if I 'm close to the end , sometimes I 'll , do the same thing . Uh-huh . I do n't know what you would call it , maybe I have a problem . No , I 'm sure it 's fast MUMBLEx or something . It 's terrible , I , I really like books that , that you can get into and that 's that . Uh-huh . I know what you mean . I like reading late at night right before I go to bed sometimes I just sleep better or something . Oh , yeah , you do you kind of get relaxed , that 's true . But , uh , I have a lot of craft books that I have too and , uh , magazines . I like PEOPLE , you know , those things that are about real people . Uh-huh . And , um , I , I like to , uh , read about people who have been a successful , Yeah . you know , who , who made a success of their lives . Which , what book have you read that is along those lines , that was really good ? To , to give you specific titles I , I ca n't . Well , how about who , 