Well , on this subject of invasion of privacy , yes , it 's very easy for anybody to find out about you . Your , Well , I do n't really like that very much . Yeah , uh , the special on channel thirteen that was broadcast , I think , last week or so ago , it detailed how this one person went about finding out this particular pers- , from this particular person his home mortgage , how much he pays for it , what his payments are , uh , his , uh , Social Security number , driver 's license , any kind of records he may have . Uh , their credit card and the status of their credit . What was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff ? It was just as a demonstration to show -- Oh . -- those who were watching it how easily obtainable information is on any single person . And it was , mostly it dealt with , uh , marketing companies , these , uh , direct marketing , Oh , yeah . associations . Uh-huh . That was the primary subject . That 's how they obtain information about segments of society and group them into age brackets , uh , their habits , their hobbies , their income . Um . And they 're able to do that through all the manipulations of the computer . Well , that , that 's not really good . I do n't know , I guess that 's an invasion of privacy . I 'm not sure that that 's an everyday thing , though , at least not for , you know , an individual . Uh-huh . Something that I feel is a , is a , pretty much an invasion of privacy is something that 's really so common that it 's accepted as the norm now , is the op , the open office concept . The open office ? Uh-huh , where they have the , you know , the little partition dividers , Yeah . throughout a , a large room and , and people have little cubicles . Well , that 's all fine and good , but you do n't really have any privacy at all . Not insofar as maybe making conversation with somebody , I suppose , because it , you can easily be overhear , overheard -- Right . -- and they get , I suppose any items that you have laying out can be easily seen . Yeah . Yeah , there 's , there is , And , and it 's not , it 's not just that , it 's , uh , the whole thing about , you know , if , if you 're trying to concentrate , well , it 's rather hard , sometimes it 's almost impossible to do -- Uh-huh . -- because , um , you know , your , uh , your time , your space is , is not your own space . Uh-huh . And I work in a situation like that and I , I really kind of have a problem with that . Do you work with , uh , mixed company , male and female or , Oh , yeah . Is there anybody who does n't ? Well , there are a few out there . Um . It 's , I suppose it depends on who you 're working for and where at . Yeah . But , um , my own environment is open totally . There are no cubicles . There 's nothing to block anything . Um . So , yeah , but , um , I guess we 're changing ever so rapidly in the devices of communications that anything can be obtained from anybody 's record , Yeah . or the computers , the , the big advent of that , I believe , because it , they can all hold such large data bases on anybody that all you have to do is touch a button and it appears -- Uh-huh . -- in front of them , and you do n't have to , 