I mean it was , what I liked about it was that it was a new subject . Nobody had ever touched it before . Yeah . You know , and it was just , it was done so well , you know , it was just , It was just crazy enough for th- , you know students might try to do it . You know , I mean , and it 's not like there 's a lot of scientific data on it . Right , well that 's probably true . But it was a very good movie . It was done real well too . I mean there was n't any part of it that you really felt like , no , this ca n't happen . It seemed re , it seemed real , you know it was really good . Yeah . That , that was one , I mean it 's not my all time favorite movie but it was good , it was really good . Yeah . And , um , I do n't know if you like this kind , but I thought PRETTY WOMAN was a really good movie , too . Oh , yeah , that was a great movie . Yeah , I 've , we 've seen that two or three times . We waited and we rented it , Yeah . you know , but , but it was really good . Uh , have you seen SHRIMP ON THE BARBY ? No , I have n't , I do n't know if I 've even heard of that one . Ye- , ye- , yeah , it 's got , It must have , uh , what 's his name in it . No . No it does n't , No . Really . Uh , Hogan ? Yeah , Paul Hogan . No , No , really , I 'm surprised . no it 's got , uh , uh , Cheech Marin . Oh really , that must be pretty good then , was it good . Yeah , it is , it 's kind of , uh , kind of a poor man 's PRETTY WOMAN in reverse . Oh . But it was kind of cute . Actually did you see DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS ? Yes , yes . I though that was a really cute movie , I enjoyed that . Yeah , it was . TWINS was good too , because when I thought of that , I thought of , anyway . Um , oh , there was another one , what 's the one that just , oh , DANCES WITH WOLVES , have you seen that yet ? No , I have n't . Oh , you 've got to see that one , it 's really , I hear that 's the one that you really need to see at the theater instead of home video . Right , that 's probably true , that 's probably true . It 's , it 's very , very good . Very good . Yeah . That 's another one that , I was really glad when it won all those awards because it really deserved it . Well my wife , uh , has got a , uh , a picture from Kevin Costner and he signed it . It 's from DANCES WITH WOLVES . Really . Yeah , and he signed it . He , he happens to be , uh , a friend of one of her , her business associates . Oh , wow , that 's impressive . And , or , not , not a friend , a cousin , a cousin . Oh , neat . So , uh , uh , but anyhow we got , uh , we got a nice , uh , picture and it came in an envelope that says DANCES WITH WOLVES so we 've got to , uh , try to get out there and see that one . Oh , yeah , it 's really worth it . I mean it 's a very good movie and yes , I would suggest seeing it at the theater . I know that they 're still playing it and they pushed it back , to playing it in the theaters until like August , Huh . I , think because they were , they were scheduling a video release of it in July and then when it won all those awards , uh , they pushed it back to August , so . But , yeah , that one is definitely worth seeing , 