Well I , that 's how I feel . I mean , if yo- , if you vote and your guy looses well you leas- , you least tried and you can say something but if you do n't vote , I sort of feel like , part of me , and it 's kind of a nasty part of me feels like , well if you did n't vote , you get what 's coming to you , you know . That 's right , I feel th- , And certainly that 's true in the overall , I mean no one individual that 's true for but for the population as a whole , I sort of feel that way . When they especially when someone , they , , they do n't vote for someone because they do n't like any of them and then the person gets in and they do n't like him and he turns out to have been worse than her that they might have voted for , or something like that . And , you know , I say well , you know , voting for the lesser of two evils is still important . I think it is too . Sometimes it is a difficult choice . You do n't feel as though you have much of a choice , but . Yeah , yeah , I mean , you , I mean , it 's , it 's funny because technically you do . I mean you have the right to do a write in candidate . But of course that 's , that 's not really a vote . Um . It does n't really gain anything . Yes , it rea- , really does n't , and so it 's , it 's a complicated situation , but I would like to see , I do n't know , I , I , I 'm , I 'm thinking of actually moving to Australia and , Is that goin , and perha- , perhaps I 'll call you back and let you know what , how the Australian system works . I mean , not because of the vo- , I mean I 'm not thinking of moving there because of the voting , Not be- , but just because of a job opportunity . Oh , I see . And , uh , I , I 'm inte- , are you a T I employee , I 'm interested . No , I 'm not . Not , okay , I just wondered . And , uh , so I 'm , I 'm really quite , quite curious , how that would work , to have both , I mean , you know , and I believe in the , in a certain , uh , Soviet bloc countries you are , are obliged to vote too . In fact , it was even pretty much spelled out who you did vote for , up until fairly recently and , that 's what I think of when I think of you 're obliged to vote . But when you actually , really are given as much choice as you are in this country , with its two party system , um , I do n't know , I kind of , part of me is wary and part of me likes the idea of having it be more of a duty , um . Well , uh , maybe they should , perhaps that would be a solution if they were required to vote at least for their first three or four years after they become of voting age . Uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh . Required to register and vote for four years , and perhaps they would be indoctrinated that this is their duty . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Well that 's a thought , or certain privileges come from voting which are n't that important but are nice to have , I do n't know . The right to write your , Maybe it should go with a driver 's license . Yeah , that 's , see that 's an example of a right , not a , not a , actually that 's considered a privilege , not a right . That is a privilege , right , tha- , Yeah , but technically people , most people , technically it 's a privilege , but most people think of it as a right . I mean , in other words if the government denies you driving , denies you a driver 's license , people get very upset . But actually it 's a privilege , It is . which is allowed to be revoked . That 's correct . And , fortunately voting is n't that . Maybe it should , maybe it should be . 