I thought maybe you had come from somewhere else and had some experience with taxes there . No . No . I 've just lived here , Yeah . But , I do n't know , I do , I can think of all the biblical things about it , too . Where , what did they say to , uh , I ca n't think of the scripture . Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's . That 's right . So , you know , even , even in the story where they had to pay the taxes , the disciples , Yeah . and , uh , Jesus said the money in the fish 's mouth or in the fisher , inside the fish . And , uh , I thought of those two things when I was , I was holding for a long time . Oh , were you really , Yeah . trying to find someone at home ? Yeah . Well , you know , um , back then what they tried to do , you know , the MUMBLEx would always try to stump Jesus , try to give him something that would contradict himself , Right . And so that 's what they were trying to do with the tax situation . And , of course , that 's when he said well you render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's , you render unto God what is God 's . Right . And , uh , you know , of course , there , I do n't think they really cared about the answer , Right . they just wanted to try and catch him in something . Yeah . But , but I believe in paying taxes and , I mean , yeah , like everybody else , I try to take as many deductions as I can , Oh , sure . MUMBLEx you know , I do n't want to pay more than I have to , Sure . And I get outraged when I feel like they go up for useless reasons , but I believe that they 're necessary . Right . So , I really do , Yeah are , Do you , do you deal with taxes much in what you do when you work or , No , not really . I 've , I spends a lot of time with our income tax , though . This , especially , this year and last year . Um , I have been married for just a few years , so I 've had to really switch around from the E Z form to the , uh , Schedule A . Right . Well , yeah . All the deductions and all that . Did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act , it seemed like it made everything harder ? Yeah . It really did . I , I saw , that , too . 