Um , it , it , it was very interesting that it seemed like some of the commentators had their axe to grind , you know , there were some that were screaming for air power , there were some that were saying the air power was n't going to do it . Uh-huh . And they seemed to mold the events to their view of the world , which I suppose just about everyone does , but these guys had a , a , uh , national soap box to stand on and , and express this view . You know , one of the best television news shows that I saw during the war was a show on a Saturday morning on A B C , and it was for children -- Uh-huh . -- and it was hosted by Peter Jennings , and it was so interesting because they were relating the war to these children in their studio , and they also had children calling in live from all over the country and asking questions . And they , they had all their correspondents in the different areas , in Saudi Arabia , and Israel , and , and all . They had them all , uh , on , I do n't know what you 'd call it other than on line . They had them all on hold -- Uh-huh . -- and if a child asked a question that the person in Jerusalem could best answer , they would cut to that person , and that person would answer the question . It was just very informative and interesting , and , uh , I was real impressed at how A B C handled , uh , translating , Uh-huh . the war for children . Yeah , I did n't see anything like that , although I did , uh , I guess one thing that I found sort of interesting , this is getting a little off the topic , but there was a , a , a big push with the local T V stations to have little hot lines with counselors -- Uh-huh . -- to , to help parents learn how to talk about their war with their children . I thought that was a really unusual thing . And our local H E B stores here , I do n't know if it 's H E B statewide or whatever , but they have videos that , uh , I do n't know if they still have them , but they were free rental , Uh-huh . videos , that had something to do with the war . Ju- , -- 