Are you in the middle of anything ? No . I 'm not in the middle of anything . I 've just , about the last thing I did about maybe , oh , close to a year ago now I guess , I , I helped my dad add on another bedroom on to his house . So , I guess that , The whole thing ? Yeah . That , that was fairly large undertaking . A , a , it 's a bedroom and a walk-in closet and a bathroom all on one side of the house . Did the framing and all ? Oh , we did it all except for the sheetrocking . Huh . That was the only thing we did n't , you know , putting the ceiling up and things like that we do n't , we , we were n't sure how to do that and . and I did all the sheetrocking and the interior work . Yeah , that 's the exact opposite . We did all , put the roof up and did all the roofing and the , put all the interior walls up . We just did n't do any of the sheetrock wall work and that 's it because you have , you know , get those joints to go together -- Ye- , -- and whatever you have to put in there to get the , s- , to take the gaps out between the sheets -- Yeah . -- and on the ceiling and all that . I di , we did n't know a thing about any of that and so , My wife wishes I had n't done that . It 's , it looked very hard to do so , we figured well just , I did n't think we could do it and make it look professional . So , we left it , left it to somebody who does it for a living . But , I think it takes about three or four times before it gets easy . Probably so and I , we 'd never done it so -- Yeah . -- we just left it alone . But that 's , I guess , I 'm only twenty-one so I , my , my vast experience of home , home owner 's knowledge is not very much . So it 's just what I have to do , more or less , around the house , you know , for my parents so . Did you , you framed it in f- , uh , on , on , you framed in new square footage or was it stuff that was already , uh , enclosed ? It was brand new . Brand new MUMBLEx . We started with the backyard and turned it into part of the house so it was , A- , and you knew how , you knew how to do the framing ? Uh , well my dad knew how to do most of it , you know . Uh-huh . He , he 'd , we 'd gotten a couple of books and then he just started doing it . I do n't know . He , well he did all the flooring himself . 