Uh-huh . And , uh , and I watch the , uh , actually I watch the morning news before I leave for work . And then , you know , usually over lunch , there 'll be a big topic of conversation on something -- Uh-huh . -- from the news . I normally find that uh , I- , I 'm probably the most , um , news hungry of my friends , so I do n't , we do n't normally talk about the news at lunch . I , I find that I have to only subscribe to the paper on the weekend , simply because I used to get it during the week -- Uh-huh . -- but , um , I would always end up arriving at work late , because I would always end up skimming the headlines , spending too much time , reading it in the morning . Yeah . So I have to cut myself down to the weekend , plus after work . Um , the MACNEIL LEHRER news hour is on public television -- Uh-huh . -- and I enjoy that quite a bit . Yeah . Um , one of the women that I work with , her husband is Iranian . Uh-huh . So here lately with all the Middle Eastern news we 've had some very interesting conversations over lunch . I will admit I work with , uh , someone who 's Iranian , and he definitely has a very different slant on the news . Uh-huh . He 's very , very skeptical of the news media , and I will admit I 'm reasonably skeptical also . But he 's , I do n't know , uh , he 's mu- , much , much more so . It 's sort of interesting though , because he does bring a , a much , um , different perspective with all the Gulf goings on , um . He was always speaking in terms of , you know , American imperialism reasserting itself . Um , I suppose it 's a different attitude that we normally do n't hear in the country . Uh-huh . Well I , I , uh , I like the print news -- Uh-huh . -- much better than the television news because television news tends to sensationalize . True , um , the , I understand that the MacNeil Lehrer probably does n't . They , um , tend to spend quite a bit of time on one story . Uh-huh . They will have maybe two or three main stories and just spend a very large amount of time . 