I mean , you look at the Jetsons , you know , cartoon show , and it 's not too far fetched what , what they all had in those cartoons , so you never know . Oh , yeah , yeah . Any of that stuff from the Jetsons , from that cartoon , that you would never imagine would come , become possible , and now you , we have a lot of those , so , Uh-huh . So you never know what , what may occur , but -- Yeah . -- as far as me seeing it , you know , I do n't know . I do n't know , but I think it 's real vital important for the future , you know -- Uh-huh . -- generations to come , so . Yeah , I , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's something definitely that , uh , you know , it 's , it 's , uh , got the extra little oomph of interest . Yeah . Uh . I 'm sure it 'll draw a lot more interest too , once it becomes , you know , like it 's more possible , but -- Yeah . -- when they start showing the drawings and all that , I 'm sure , you know , when they , Yeah , I wish , uh , like , uh , Boeing or -- Right . -- McDonald Douglas or something like that was supposed to buy , uh , a space shuttle sooner or later and just make it , you know , purely commercial -- Uh-huh . -- and they 'd go up , you know , and do things and , So did they scratch those , uh , that Star Wars deal , you know , they one we was all worried about -- Oh . -- Russia and all that ? No , it 's still probably going , but I do n't know whether , it , it , research will go on . Yeah , but the economy the way it is all over , they probably cut back on -- Oh , yeah . -- on that , because it 's not , Well , they 're , they 're going to be cutting back so much on just , you know , the number of troops we 've got in Europe and the number -- Right . -- of troops we have here . Yeah , I know , and then , But , uh , Russia 's still going to have missiles , they 're still going to be subs and things . Yeah , and we do n't know who 's handling them now -- Yeah . -- so that 's a whole different story now . Latest I heard it was just going to be Russia that , Russia itself that was going to have them . Oh , really . At least that was , you know , that 's what everybody says . Oh , yeah , yeah , we want only Russia to have them . Uh-huh . And now they 're saying , Yeah , yeah , you 're a republic , you do n't want those , you do n't want those . MUMBLEx . Some crazy hit man over there so , 