I , the one thing I do n't like about the newspaper also is , uh , like at work we have two different trash cans at your desk . You have one for paper and one for just your normal trash , Uh-huh . but in , uh , in the paper one you have to separate . You have to make sure you do n't throw away any of the slick paper , like magazines . Uh-huh . You ca n't throw any of that away and you ca n't throw certain file type things away , and I just think it 's such a hassle , it seems like it would be , it would be easy to take it all , I do n't know , of course , I do n't know all that about recycling so , Uh-huh . it probably is a hassle . But I do get tired of having to separate paper , you know . Uh-huh . It gets to be , uh , I guess you have to make it a habit , I mean , you have to get so used to doing it that it 's a habit . Right , right . And we had , uh , a write up in our paper , uh , this last time at work about , um , they come and empty your trash every other day they do your normal trash and every other day they do your recycling trash . Uh-huh . And somebody was writing in complaining that the people had , uh , dumped all the trash in the same bin . Oh . And when they were questioned about it they said well , we 're running late , or we did n't have time to do those bins or something and that 's real discouraging . Thinking you 're sitting there working to separate it and then they , And someone else is n't going to take the time to put it in two separate bags . Right , right , so they 're , they 're really , trying to start keeping an eye out for those , you know talking to the people again about , you know , separate them because that is discouraging when you , when you do that . It was hard to get used to those two different trash cans . Uh-huh . But luckily that will all get straightened out and , and they 'll , they 'll start separating them . Because , I do n't mind doing that , I feel like I 'm doing , uh , doing something for the community when I 'm doing that . Yeah . But anyway . Well , I 've enjoyed talking to you . You too . Well , I , thank you . Bye , bye . Bye . 