Yeah , it 's , it 's , yeah , once you 've made a decision that way , it 's a little difficult to go back on it . Right , you , you can apologize nicely , but , you know , you know , I think , you know , the , the price , you know , it , I 've heard quotes , you know , it 's better that a thousand people go free , than one person be unjustly imprisoned . I think i , is really the , the philosophy of the way our legal system works . Oh , yeah , yeah , it 's a- , the benefit of the doubt to the last iota is , uh , based on the , uh , person who is accused . Yeah , and , you know , the , I , I think that , you know , and the way it 's being used now , it 's like you listen to Bush is , you know , well , where are we going to impose d- , you know , it 's like for drug dealers is the new big thing like in , Tsongas is also saying , you know , capital , make it a capital crime to be a major drug dealer . Right . And , again , I do n't thing these people care . They risk their lives every day . Yeah , and , there , there , they seem that the profit marg- , uh , drug dealers , the profit margin 's so high that , yeah -- Yeah . -- the , the risk is almost not there . Yeah , and , and , you know , uh , especially , now , I live in , in Massachusetts , you know , w- , w- , we 're going to get capital punishment here probably after the second coming or something . Yeah . So , you know , but you look at our , our crime rates and things like that and you compare them to , to like Texas or someplace that does , you know , it , it , it 's impossible to make a case that it 's , it 's affecting it in any way . Yeah . I think it 's mainly , people , like , they get the vengeance of it . Yeah , well -- Because , you know , -- it 's also , I used to live in Georgia and , you know , the , the big thing down there was , all right , we have capital punishment , but if you look at who gets accused and who are the ones who actually get executed , it 's very racially related -- Oh , yeah -- -- and ethnically related , -- it 's mainl- , lot of blacks . Also a lot of young people . You know , a , a , a sixty-two year old guy is less likely to be put on death row from what I 've seen . Right . And , you know , I , I think when you listen to like the , uh , the , the victims ' families and things , they 're always talking about , you know , uh , feeling justified or feeling , you know , like they 've gotten something out of it , I mean , my thought has been , once the guy has been imprisoned , if he goes to jail forever or whatever , if he gets killed , it should n't make any difference to the , uh , the victim 's family . The only thing that should really , I mean , obviously , if someone of mine who has close died , I 'd probably feel differently , but -- Right . -- you know , th- , you know , what , the important thing is that they be caught and not be a danger to society . Right and that , and , you know , also by keeping them in prison , you do have the possibility , though , we do n't currently do this , of making restitution . Right , I mean , the , You , you will work your prison job and any money you earn will go to the victim 's family . Right and , the , the other thing is that , you know , I was reading through a book on , uh , geneo , human geneo research -- 