I do n't enjoy it at all , and she just loves it . So . Even when she does n't go to the health club , she runs , you know . Uh-huh . And , it 's a daily thing for her . So , it , you know , and it 's so hard for me . I envy her , I wish I could be that way , but I do n't . I do too . I do n't , and I have an older sister that loves running , too , and she runs all the time , but at , to me , it 's every minute 's agony , and I , in fact , I do n't run . I hate to run . Uh-huh . Like when I walk I 'll take along a radio or something and that helps , you know , pass the time . Right . Yeah , walking is kind of boring . I do have a few friends that live in my apartment complex in this neighborhood , and we try to , we used to try to get together , and I think now that the weather 's getting nicer we 're going to start doing it again and occasionally go walking . There 's a real nice residential area right behind our apartment complex . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And it 's not as boring if you get several people -- That 's right . -- and you can kind of talk , and , and it , it makes it pass pretty quickly , and the aerobics is n't too boring . I kind of enjoy it when I 'm doing it . Um , it 's a lot more fun than some other things I could do , I guess . Yeah , yeah . But , uh , I do , I do have to make myself go , and of course while I 'm doing it I feel pretty good , and after I get finished I feel great . Oh , it 's great afterwards , yeah . I mean , I can go in there , I can be , like a Friday afternoon when I 'm tired , it 's the end of the week and I just want to go home . And I 'll make myself go , and I 'll have headache and everything , and I get out , I do n't have a headache any more . I feel great , and I 'm just , it 's amazing how much better I feel . Yeah . And then just in general , I sleep a lot better -- Yeah , that 's right . -- and I just feel much better . I mean , I 've been kind of dragging the last few weeks , and I know if I would just get around to exercising -- Exactly -- -- I 'd feel better . -- it does , it gives you energy . But my dragginess is my excuse for not exercising . Yeah . Well , I 'm too tired , or I have a headache or , well , I just got over the flu , and I 'm still kind of draggy so I better not go . It 's kind of a vicious circle is n't it ? Yeah , 