that 's what I learned a lot of languages on , was an Apple two E in my high school . But I do n't have any , uh , any real programming capabilities on my , uh , Mac right now . Uh-huh . I do n't have , uh , any compilers -- Uh-huh . -- so I 'm , uh . Well , do you use your computer for , um , just things around the house , or in the MUMBLEx . I use it in my business . Well , see , what do you do ? I , uh , do , uh , consultation and , and testing of various kinds for , uh , English as a second language programs . Oh , wow . Um , and , uh , are these like , uh , do these programs , um , are , are they based on , on a , on a , um , other language , or are they based , are they based like a lot of the , um , you know , a lot of the English as a second language classes will have people from all sorts of , you know , parts of the world , and the teacher just tries to , tries to teach English , you know , through natural understanding . That 's , uh , exactly what , yeah , that 's the kind of thing I 'm working with exactly . Uh-huh . You seem to be , uh , better informed than the average person on that . Well , it was just , uh , when I was high school , I worked for the community school , and they had a English second language class and it always seemed strange to me that , you know , all these , all these people that , you know , spoke English not too well , and spoke , you know , a variety of different languages were all being taught at the same time . Uh-huh . I imagine it 's a lot harder on a computer because you have to , you know , you do n't have as many cues , you ca n't , do n't have hand gestures and things like that . Right . Well , now , we , uh , what I use a computer for is to write materials that -- Uh-huh . -- are later printed , though . Most of the stuff that I do is not , uh , interactive -- Uh-huh . -- and I use it for t- , uh , data analysis on testing , so . Uh , to see how well they retain the vocabulary and things like that . Well , just , actually , just , uh , item analysis , statistical analysis of the tests , uh . Uh-huh . You know , when you write a test you have to look at some data from it and see how the different questions are performing -- Uh-huh . -- and find out which ones are discriminating well and which ones are n't -- Uh-huh . 