Uh-huh . this lot slopes way back down and , uh , the house is built around the trees . Great . And with these decking that a corporation and a large MUMBLEx area for the trees to come up so , it 's real , real shady . But , that 's one of the few things that really , uh , immediately pays back on return . But , what I was going to tell you , these Perry Homes back there , Yeah . when the people from M C I come down and they are , you know , they are used to the Virginia area , metropolitan D C . Uh . My God , they come down here and those houses , that , that look the colonial look what the , Looks like the George Town brownstone . Right , Yeah . And , uh , the idea of ever owning anything that has four thousand square feet in it , for less than two hundred twenty thousand dollars , Must be a dream . which is probably about what their equity is , that they got out of selling their house . Yeah . Because those things are selling like hot cakes . But , one of the people that was living back there was telling me that there is his air conditioning bill , per month , last summer was in excess of five hundred dollars -- Oh . -- a month . And I thought , I ca n't MUMBLEx , MUMBLEx and he was talking about how you keep up with the utilities here . And I was thinking , well , you know , I know why your God damn bill is so high , He has no insulation , probably . it 's because there 's not a there 's no insulation , insulation in those things . Oh , my . Yeah . Gosh . What a trap . Huh . Any yet , you know , they , they show very well un- , they show very well unless you have , you know , lived in a lot of houses around the area , And you ask the right questions and can research , yeah . or looked at a lot of houses around here . Yeah . And I think that makes a big difference . But , I like , I like this area and everything that I have been saying , Oh , I do too . says that it 's , I think if we had to sell now , we could come close to breaking even . But , still , um , it 's worth it for the area and for the school and things like that . You 're in , you 're in the , 