But even in Georgia that 's the attitude for the most part . If I work and pay my dues -- Uh-huh . -- you work and pay your dues and we 'd get along just fine . Yeah . But when I 've got to work to pay my dues and your dues -- Yeah . -- then I do n't like you very much anymore . Yeah . Well , I , the cost is something but it 's , but I think it 's relatively unimportant compared to what 's the most effective way of , dealing with crime and I guess I would like , I do n't know , the European countries certainly , uh , none of them have capital punishment and they -- Oh , really . -- they do n't have a crime problem either . No , you ca n't , they do n't execute anybody in Britain or France and I do n't believe they do in Germany or Italy either and they do n't have the crime problems we do . I do n't really think that there is too much of a relationship between the two . Yeah . I guess what worries me about capital punishment is , uh , when I see people enthusiastic about it and , uh , uh , sort of bloodthirsty . I think it brings out the worst in the , in the people who do the punishing and the , that , that bothers me . You might be right . But it , but , uh , I mean I , I 'd hate to be the person to pull the switch , you know , I would never in a million years want that job -- Huh . -- but I do believe it 's necessary and I , Yeah . On the one hand I , I guess I admire the person who has the guts to do it because I could n't -- Huh . -- I could n't stand behind a gun and shoot somebody for nothing and I could n't pull the switch but , uh , Well actually I , wha , the other thing that bothers me is when it becomes a political issue because I do n't really think it , uh , I do n't really think it 's a very important aspect of fighting crime or law and order or anything else . I think it just becomes a , uh , symbolic I 'm tougher than you are type of emotional issue for politicians so -- Yeah . -- I would like for it to be settled once for all and , uh , get in the background while the more important issues get discussed , uh , uh , Right . Like I said , some years ago , I think I would have said there 's no place for capital punishment in the , civilized western country . Uh-huh . Now I 'm , I 'm not so sure of that . I 'm , I , I would n't vote against somebody just because it was for capital punishment and -- What -- -- nor the other way around . -- what 's making you become more convinced that it might be a good way of punishing ? Uh , I guess I 'm , I 'm , my view of , uh , my , I 'm beginning to believe that some people are simply not rehabilitatable and , uh , that , uh , uh , costs and other factors justify , uh , uh , executing people . Yeah . Maybe it 's more a symbolic gesture that , uh , uh , than anything else and , uh , I 've also never been a victim although I have some , I have two friends whose wives were murdered and , uh -- Oh , gosh . -- I can imagine that , uh , uh , for some people it would be the only form of justice in that case . Oh yes , if it ever touched my fam- , 