and maybe , uh , maybe this would be a way to get that feeling back . Um , if we 've lost some of that and it , it seems in the last decade or two , um , that 's true , maybe that 's a way , if , if young people had to do it -- Uh-huh . -- um , maybe that would start the trend back because that 's one of the things I always thought was a wonderful part of our country . Um , -- Yeah , I do to . I do to . -- is helping others . . I 'm not sure that , that today 's kids would go for it though . I think you would have to start younger . Yeah . I , I do n't know how young you 'd have to go but I think by the time they 're , oh , early teenagers anyway , I think it 's too late now . At least around here . Yeah , I think , uh , I think it does help , um , even preschoolers , you know they 're , um , things even just starting around the home . Right . You know little ones can do a little bit to help the family . Uh-huh . And , and just watching the parents do things too , um , it can start a pattern . There 's always something , no matter how young , and then that helps develop that attitude . Um , I guess I would really like to see this happen with families more . You know , I think this is certainly a possible way , um , to handle it but I wish , MUMBLEx that 's something that I think that has been lost in families and I think that 's a good place to start again . Yeah . I think it has to start in the families first because if you do n't do it for , for your own immediate family , you 're sure not going to do it for anybody else . Yeah . And I do think , um , the schools , if you 're trying to do something , even with food drives and , uh , sometimes what Richardson and Plano both , I mean when you live in areas like that where there 's so much -- Uh-huh . -- they do n't realize what a small percentage of the world that is . I mean , that 's , uh , gosh I 'm sure , not even one percent of the world is as fortunate as these areas and , uh -- That 's probably true . That 's probably true . -- it 's , I know our church youth group , uh , starts with projects young but they have a high school group that works in the Appalachia -- Uh-huh . -- area every year . They 've done this for fourteen years now . Oh , that 's great . Um , and it is , it 's , uh , and they 've also see that there 's , there 's a different way of life and those families are really close . Some of the things , that we talked about that were common in the fifties are still there -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , it really , every youth that 's ever gone really has felt that their life has been changed and it 's changed their perspective . And , and that 's just the t- , two weeks during , during the summer . Uh-huh . So , if two weeks , uh , could have that kind of effect I would -- Well , that 's , that 's great . -- think , uh , I 'm glad that there are still some areas that , that get the youth involved in that sort of thing . Well that 's , Like I said , I think it does , e- , even a small amount of exposure can make a vast difference -- Yes . -- in their attitudes . Well , Well , I guess , um , did you have anything else ? No , no I guess that 's about all . Okay . Okay . Well , I enjoyed talking with you . Well , good talking with you . And I hope you have a good evening . You too . 