Uh-huh . because they 're rather socially active too . Yeah . And so it has , it seems by doing it about six months ahead , they can pretty much get everybody there . If they do n't , you know , they 'll say , oh we 're planning to go so and so that , go to , to a certain place that weekend with somebody else and we 're already locked in but six months ahead has seemed to be okay for them . Uh-huh . My family , uh , my parents are the youngest of very large families . Oh . Therefore , they do n't have many people left . Yeah . And , uh , the few previous ones I 've had , uh , I have n't known many of those people , but , uh , in the last few years it really has just been our immediate family and that 's been very nice , with , uh , I have one sister , Uh-huh . and three brothers and they 're only three out of five of us who have children . Oh . So , uh , we get to spend a lot of quality time with each other . Yeah . And that 's kind of nice because my husband 's family reunions are so large , Uh-huh . and they do n't see each other very often , we do n't really know many of them . Yeah , that 's kind of bad . It really is , they 're fun , they 're a lot of fun , Yeah . but , uh , still , uh , they 're not done on a regular basis and , uh , you kind of forget what happened , and who they were from the time before . Yeah , it 's , it 's fun getting together with immediate family . A lot of my cousins are real close and we always get together during holidays and weddings and stuff like that , so . Uh , those are the ones that are in Texas ? Uh , no , Or you go to Indiana on that ? the ones in Indiana , uh-huh . Uh-huh , where in Indiana ? Lafayette . Lafayette , I do n't know where , I used to live in Indianapolis . Yeah , it 's a little north of Indianapolis , about an hour . Yeah , yeah , it 's very pretty country in there I think , it 's gorgeous . Uh-huh , so . Well I , uh , when is your next one , uh , scheduled now . Well it 's like , the last one was my high school graduation the next one was when I graduated from college , so I guess about two more years . Yes , well , and do you think you 'll have a baby to take back with you . Uh , maybe , I do n't know , Maybe . two more years , I do n't know , probably . I mean you need another milestone , you know . Yeah , I guess that 's , that 's what , I mean I 've been married now for about nine months so that was another milestone , I guess . Yes , well I 'm sure , and ha , then all of your family probably has not met your husband . Um , yeah , he 's from Indiana , Oh , is he ? so they all met , yeah . And , and he 's living , you 're both living in Sherman . Yeah . Do you work to T I ? 