And they just , I 've noticed that they do it just with subtle little words , uh , usually , uh , just that sway the whole , uh , report that , you know , by just a couple of words . Well , when , when I was in school , I , um , I was a communications major , so I , I , I 'm well aware of the little subtle words and persuasive speaking , and , and so forth . So , communications , huh . Were you looking into becoming a reporter or , I was , and , um , I we , I ventured off in a whole entire different field , field . I went with the state . Uh-huh . And , uh , I , um , went with the Department of State Treasurer in retirement disability , calculate benefits . I bet that 's a interesting job . Yeah . So the , so , and , you know , working , you know , working for state government you hear all about current events , about things going on within the state itself . So that , that 's another source that I , I , where I keep up with current events and , Yeah , there 's one that I 'm reading right now . It 's INFORMATION WEEK . It says A T and T to account for the , the benefits that the A I C P A now says you have to show as a liability . It 's going to cost them seven point five billion after tax charge in ninety-three , to account for that . It 's a lot of money . And it 'll drop their earnings by a hundred million a year forever more . It 's a lot of money . Yeah , it is . And , yeah , you have to stay up on stuff , and I bet in your , your job that you have to , do you read the WALL STREET JOURNAL ? No , well , no , I , I , I primarily deal with the state employees , but I , I find interesting tidbits in what the news reports as far as the , like the state of North Carolina 's budget , and stuff like that . And I really know what the budget is , and , and , uh , uh , when they were saying we were so poor and they could n't pay taxes , and pay people their income tax refunds and things like that , and , you know , I 'm well aware of the billions of assets that the state has , and it , it 's just funny . You know , so that 's , that 's , that 's , so I do n't have a whole lot of faith in , in , you know , the news . Course it 's , they , they get what they hear from , but , you know , it 's not always I , I think one hundred percent reliable . Can you think of anything that could be done to make our news media more accurate and objective ? I think they need to do a little bit , go into a little bit more depth , uh , before they would just report , like somebody wants to make a statement or something like that , because I mean , another example is the , uh , AIDS issue or whatever . You know , someone said , Oh , I found a cure . They immediately , the headlines on the news or whatever is , Someone says they found a cure for AIDS . And then two months later it 's discovered it 's not , you know , before they , before they come out with something like that they need to , to research the matter , I believe , a little bit more . I guess they do that so they do n't get scooped , you know , so they have the big story . Well , that , well , yeah I , I , it , I think the , 