Yeah , that 's the problem -- that 's way out of my reach . -- the expense of it all is , and , uh , what I , another thing I hate to see is when someone has a small amount of money , and they go into one of these places and they just eat it all up immediately . Oh , yeah . But those who do n't have money can go in and get the same care . Uh-huh -- You know . -- the very same , yeah . So I do n't like that aspect . No , but I , there 's , I think there 's ways around it , though , that , you know , like , they could put it in one of their children 's names or something -- Yeah . -- you know . But still , a lot of them does n't feel comfortable doing that . You know , it 's their money . That 's right . You know , that 's how I feel about it , anyway . Well , yeah , I 've talked to my mother about that several times lately , and I , I said , I want you to have control of your own business . Yes . But , you know , what if . Yeah , my mother 's seventy now , so naturally she 's retired , but she 's still on her own , I mean . Yeah , yeah , my mother 's , uh , seventy-five and still has her own home and everything . I think that 's wonderful , I really do , just as long as they can , and then on the other hand , I 've seen some people go into the nursing home and just so happy -- Yeah . -- you know . That 's true . They have a lot of people around to do things with . Uh-huh , they 're not lonely . Some of those places have wonderful activities and things , you know , lots of stuff going on . Oh , yes , uh-huh . And they 'll take them places -- Yeah . -- so . I do n't know , it 's not all bad -- No . -- but I guess once you get ill , then , you know , you really have some problems if you ca n't get around -- Around , yeah . -- and do things . But I really do n't know what the other solution would be -- No . -- you know , I really do n't . But no , when the time comes I 'm really , hopefully we 'll really look around before I decide on one for my parents -- Uh-huh . -- really do , because I have been raised in one , you know , so there 's lot of things I know to look for . Yeah . And I do n't think they 'd want to go where they used to work , either -- Yeah . -- you know . I really do n't . That might be kind of tough , huh . It really would , yes , 