I , I guess one knows one 's own storly and I know , uh , in my children 's case it was one where , uh , pretty much up until the older of two was in , uh , let 's see , I guess basically starting junior high and the younger was in fifth grade when my wife reentered the work force . Uh-huh . Uh , So they , so I guess my experience is , is just with what we did and , and so they did n't really go through the child care route . Yeah . They were able to be home together . Uh , and we never actually experienced that . What , in terms of changes relative to women in the work place and the potential changes over the , the next generation or so , I guess I anticipate , uh , an increasing equality , uh , greater presence of women in management roles -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- uh , I do n't know whether there will be an increased amount of , of surrogacy that we see . I just do n't know . What do you mean ? Uh , deliberate childbirth by surrogate mother . Oh , yeah . Sort of rent-a-mom , to be , you know , Yeah . not to be crass about it , but , uh , That 's strange . uh , whether one might conceive , no pun intended , of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate , uh , uh -- A nanny , sort of ? -- a professional mother , a- , Uh-huh . person . Uh-huh . For instance , that , and I could , you know , I could envision a society where that would happen and make an interesting , uh , uh , story or whatever . Yeah . I , I do n't think I have a philosophical problem with that . In fact , I think it sort of raises nurturing and being a mother to what it ought to be which is a respected profession . That 's right , that 's right . Uh , I , I do n't have a , other than , than a reading and , and male perspective on , on the ver- , on the biological urges involved relative to being a mother or not . Uh , I know that , that my sense is that I have very much an interest and had one in being a parent . I , I do n't know that I , uh , felt myself necessarily encumbered with the necessity to have heirs . 