, My , my , just a couple . What do you have ? Uh , I 've got an Omega and I 've got a , uh , generic three eighty , or four eighty-six machine . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , it 's very , very generic . What did you do , put it together ? Yeah , and , and , uh , upgraded it and put things in there and dibbled and dabbled and -- Well , that 's , -- now , now it 's , now it 's a fast machine . Yeah . That 's all I got to say for it . Yeah . What do you use it for ? Huh ? What do you use it for ? Uh , work , uh , I 'm a contract programmer . Oh , yeah ? What kind of programs do you , Uh , anything . Okay , I mean like business programs or , Uh , I 've done business programming , scien , you know , scientific applications like , you know , petroleum science stuff and , Man . Uh , uh , test equipment and I did the , I , I did one that was , the demonstration of a touch , touch screen for a company that sells , uh , touch screens . It was kind of fun . Uh-huh , Put a little bitty portable computer in there and a plasma display . Huh . And make it look like things like , uh , you know , attack simulators and MUMBLEx , and -- Well , that 's , -- all sorts of little things you 'd want to put your finger on the screen for . Well , that sounds interesting . Matter of fact , uh , I guess you do , uh , you get a lot of graphics in there , I imagine , huh . Oh , yeah , definitely . That 's where the speed helps out . Uh , yeah , unfortunately the little portable P C that was plugged on the back was only a seven and a half megahertz , eighty , eighty-six . It 's like slow . Yep , that will , that will , slow you up . Huh ? Well , I , I do , uh , uh , programming for C N C turret presses and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , cat cam system type things and , uh , really need a faster system . Uh , I got a new line that I , I sell metal fabricating equipment , and cat cam systems , and tooling , et cetera . Uh-huh . Uh , I know a guy that upgrades , uh , for a reasonable cost . Who is that ? Uh , his name is T Q or something like that . And my notebook is somewhere around here . See if I can make my telephone cord stretch far enough . I 've tried to do is get this outfit to -- Uh , he 's , uh , up in , -- give me one . Huh ? That 's how I got my other ones by selling their product for them . They not only give me a demonstrator , but the hardware as well as the software . Uh-huh . And as they , 