and I do n't particularly care for it , so I especially do n't like for them to come up to my door and , and try and talk to me . Now , I agree with their right to , uh , pursue their religion of choice , in that , whatever manner they want to , but I think they should also respect the sanctity of the American home , whether it be in a house or in an apartment . I 'm on my turf , if I want them there , I 'll call for them , otherwise , I do n't want to know they exist . Yeah , yeah , no , I , I agree with you there . If they want to choose that particular religion that 's fine with me too , you know , as long as they do n't try and pull me in and drag me in . And , and I do n't like the way that they do it either , and , and , it 's their mission that they do it . They go door to door and they go out into the public and they actually have the , uh , teenagers serving two years like you would say like in an army and two years in going around and doing missionary type work and , uh , I do n't know , I just , um , do n't particularly care for that at all . And that , that 's one thing that I feel really strongly about though , is , uh , you know , people coming up to my door , and especially religious organizations and wanting to uh , you know , to try and get me to join or , you know , become interested in their religion , because I have my own . Now the part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting , I 've even gone so far as to put that , I 've got a storm door on the front of the house and I 've put , in , I do n't know how much clearer it can be , it 's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting . I should have , I guess I should make another one that says religious or otherwise , cause I still get , Yeah , yeah , that 's true , yeah . No I do n't , uh , I do n't have , I did n't go that far but , uh , yeah I probably could do the same thing , uh , you know , I do n't have a storm door , but I 'm sure I could rig up something . But you know I do n't think that that would stop people . I , it 's like they see that word and it says go , instead of stop . Oh , goodness . 