and I ended up majoring in French . One of the reasons I picked the school was because they had a strong science department . They also had a strong language department and I 'd always loved working with children . Uh , and I found that I could n't fit everything in , but because I had had a fair amount of French going in -- Uh-huh . -- I was able to do my year 's study in France and able to take a lot of the other courses that interested me . Uh , and so -- Oh , that was , -- that was some of , but -- That worked out very well for you . -- several of the things you mentioned were the things that , uh , our son has talked a lot about Texas A and M . He , but he thinks he wants to be a writer and I do n't think that , Well , then he should come to U T . Yes . Uh , and really his , his graduating class will probably be in the neighborhood of eight hundred and fifty to a thousand . Uh-huh . Uh , and so he 's used to a bigger size -- Large classes . -- and because my brother is there , uh , he would have family , close by . So there , there are advantages . Uh , but I also , because I had so many friends who did go from our small school to University of Michigan , which was so large and they really felt , uh , like they were numbers . Oh , I went from a large high school to a u- , large university and I -- You still , -- definitely felt like -- Yeah . -- I was a number . Uh , I mean , it is a different feeling . But that was , that was my only option . I , I mean , I just really could n't look at anything else . That was the one and only thing I could really afford other than a jun- , you know , a junior college , which I did n't want to do . So that 's how , you know , my decision was made . But , uh , Well , th- , that 's certainly , uh , especially today with the cost of college . I mean that is a , a major , uh , consideration and I do feel fortunate that Texas has so many good schools . And -- Yes . -- even though Baylor , uh , and when you mentioned that , we , we have friends who have children there who just love it . And for a private school it is not as expensive as most are and it is a smaller size and , uh , I do feel like there are a lot of options . It 's , it 's , but , I had been hoping some schools I know give , uh , oh , even this year , Jay had an aptitude test , uh , What , what does , he hopes to be a writer . Yes , he thinks that 's what he 'd like to do , but he 's really strong in math and science , too , and -- Huh . -- we keep encouraging him to keep an open mind . Does your daughter know what she 'd like to do ? Oh , she , she has , uh , you know , interests that are just , you know , going in all directions . Yeah . Uh , what she talks about a lot is theater which I think is , 