Okay , what do you think is the biggest problem ? The biggest problem , well , like in this part of town seems to be the attitude and the atmosphere in the schools -- Uh-huh . -- that , uh , you know , you can throw money at it , but it 's , I do n't know , to me it seems like the schools are reflecting society in a bigger way -- Uh-huh . -- you know , because , I mean , the general values that we 're teaching -- Yeah . -- kind of conflict with what we expect out of people in school , I mean , Is it the , do you think it 's the values that they 're teaching in school or the values they get from home . Uh , well , the values , more or less at home and the T V , just a general , I mean , learning is not a revered endeavor , really , I mean , it 's a lot more , it 's socially , well I wo n't say socially unacceptable , but whereas like in , uh , a person that , uh , stud- , they put a lot more emphasis on athletics and things like that are a lot more glorified generally in society , and I think that carries over to school -- Right . -- a lot . So . Yeah , I , I , I , I think that the biggest problem is , uh , with the , uh , with the home environment being part of it . You know , if , I think too many parents expect , uh , the school to teach , uh , the moral aspects of , of things to the st- , to the kids and , you know , while we 're not going to worry about , uh , teaching you manners or teaching you respect for anyone or anything like that , you know , and then expect them to pick it up at school , you 're not going to do that , you know , you 're going to carry , carry with , carry to school , uh , out into the world , you know , what you learned at home , and , uh -- Yeah . -- uh , I think that that part of that showing up now , you know , with , with things because kids I think have probably less respect than for , for people than in , in other things , than we may have seen in the past , uh , and part of it 's the , the family , I think , and part of it 's , uh , the living conditions of certain people are subjected too , drugs is a big problem now , and I think that 's , that 's , that 's another root problem . Yeah , yeah , you know , I wonder if that 's a root problem or not , because I think about that a lot , and it 's just like , everybody likes to blame everything on drugs now , but I wonder , you know , do you get the , oh , that 's kind of side tracked , but , uh , I just remember seeing on the news the other night , they had the thing about how Catholic schools are doing so much better -- Uh-huh . -- I thought , well , you know , of course they 're doing better , and not so much when I was growing up , Catholic schools are generally considered a little bit easier than the public schools , but , uh , they still had a , a better success rate , simply because they started with a lot better raw material . I mean everybody that went to a Catholic school had , uh , at least the parents did , at least , had education as a priority -- Right , -- like you said -- Right . -- and kind of had a whole conducive atmosphere to it . And I wonder if , not so much that , uh , Well , I think it 's , like you say , it 's , it 's the socioeconomic mix there , you know , the , they 're , you look at the schools like that where you 've got a lot of kids who are basically , uh , that might be more well to- , well off , you know , going to a private Catholic school or whatever , uh , and , and they 're not all that way , but , you know , some that are -- Yeah . -- um , that , they 're , they 're not quite the same as the kids that are going to the inner city , uh , you know , public schools . Yeah , this is interesting because in my mind I do n't have the stereotype of a Catholic school being a suburban kind of environment , but , uh , this , this was actually inner city -- Yeah . -- people were sending , I mean , just because their kids had the ability and the , and the drive to do , try and get an education , they did n't send him to a public school , you know , like you said , you have the drug problem and just the general atmosphere where you 're pressured not to learn in instance , 