and they 've quoted statistics that I just about , my throat just about fell into my toes . They said at the bottom of the S A T scores of graduating college seniors are usually those people that go into education . Oh , wow . Yes . That 's encouraging . Yes . And I , and I , I got to thinking back when I was teaching college chemistry , the people that took , you know , the lower level courses , I sometimes wondered , you know , are they really even educatable or trainable and it , my God , you know , i- , are the rest of us who went for the big bucks , you know , staying out of , you know , where maybe we should be kind of socially obligated to spend some time teaching or something with -- Yeah . -- these kids ? I do n't know . Well , that 's , you know , that 's an idea . Maybe there need to be some radical changes made . Do some things that are totally different and unheard of . Well , you know , you , you sit here and you think about that . At the same time you think , God , I hope I do n't sound like a stage mother because , right now if you ask my friends t- , put twenty mothers in a room and ask them how many have gifted children , you 're going to have twenty hands , you know , up there . Oh , you 're kidding . Oh , no . Nobody has , nobody has a nongifted child . And I keep thinking , you know , gifted is , is Einstein or , you know , uh , musical prodigies . It 's , it 's not a kid who 's , you know , precocious . Yeah . You know , what has , you know , has , has the educational system been watered down to that anybody who 's above average is now gifted ? Huh . I do n't know . That 's interesting . I do n't know . Mine did n't , did not fall into the gifted category . Oh , do n't say that . Nope . And I would never had said so either . Uh , but , uh , they managed to get through , although not always with flying colors . Uh , in fact , one of the incidents I was thinking of that my son had . Uh , he was struggling with senior English and I had a meeting with the , uh , vice principal and the English instructor , and , uh , she showed me a paper that he had just handed in . And she told me what she had requested . And I read it and while it had , you know , a few little grammatical problems , it was n't very long and so forth . I thought it had some nice , well thought out , uh , parts to it . Uh-huh . She gave him an F on that paper . And I thought , well now , here you have a student who is trying to pass , who is struggling with your subject and you give them an F on something that does n't seem that bad to me . What are you telling that student ? You 're telling them that , hey , you might as well forget it , you know . Well , you see , I think that , that harks right back to the elementary and junior high years . Because I have a stepson now who 's twenty-five and , uh , I was just absolutely shocked , uh , the first time that I saw his schoolwork . Uh , I remember being , you know , taught , and I think , you know , you have to teach how to write an answer and , you know , how to construct a thought process . Uh-huh . And , you know , they can get a , they can grasp the points . Can they convey the data verbally or in writing . And that 's what 's , you know , really scary to me . Uh , I would really , you know , there 's such a , a push among young mothers these days to make sure their child is computer literate . I would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought and at an early age . And if they ca n't , I mean if they have missed that training , then somebody , you know , before you 're , you 're start penalizing them with bad grades for not being able to communicate what they 're thinking , teach them these basic skills . 