And , um , I mean , I 'm really , they 're , they , they got a big thing because of the , you know , the , the expansion going on in baseball . D C is like talking about how , how they 're going to get a baseball team and everything . It 's like you guys are n't going to get a baseball team , I 'm sorry it 's not going to happen . Jeez . But , of course , you know , the , the , the one , the griping is that if , you know , if , if Washington does n't get a , uh , a baseball team then Baltimore should n't get a football team . Which is probably true , but anyway , um , I just , I 've never liked D C a whole lot and a really hate the Redskins . Well , of course , And a lot of it 's because , you know , I got a lot of people , you know , at work with and everything that are big Redskin fans . Yeah . Oh , yeah . Yeah , um , of course , then you 're not that far from Philadelphia . Yeah , I 've , I 've never liked Ph- , Philadelphia , the city a whole lot . The only reason I really enjoy the Eagles at all is because , uh , I really like Randall Cunningham . Oh , okay . I , it was Buddy Ryan , the one that I ca n't , uh , uh , stand too much . Ye- , well , considering how , how well he gets along with , uh , Jimmy Johnson that does n't surprise me . Yeah , really . Oh . Yeah , there was , um , uh , there was this , uh , ther- , ther- , in , the Baltimore Sun has this , uh , cartoonist in the sports section and , uh , when , uh , las- , last , I guess it was January , when , um , Jimmy Johnson got named coach of the year or whatever . Uh-huh . It was the same year that Buddy Ryan got fired . And , uh , he had this cartoon in there about Jimmy Johnson 's big day , you know , the first thing is the phone call from the , you know , from the league saying he was , uh , um , you know , uh , was coach of the year and the second was this phone call from Buddy Ryan , I got fired can you believe that . Uh , oh , jeez . Yeah , uh , actually , uh , you said you lived near , uh , Baltimore ? Yeah . You 're out , uh , I used to travel out that way a lot and , uh , actually I used to drive a lot between Baltimore and Washington 