I lived there for a long time . But I 'm now in Palo Alto , California which is , I think , the recycling capital of the world . Oh , that 's great . So , we have many recycling activities and I 'm , and in full , uh , support of all of them . Oh , we are too . Our community is , uh , just starting to get organized about it . They just opened up a recycling center where we go and donate our , our things and dump them off ourselves . Uh-huh . And , uh , it , Well , that 's something but it , it seems to me that we 've gotten a whole lot better , um , cooperation out here , uh , by setting it up so that we pay just a little bit extra , uh , actually I do n't think we pay very much extra at all too , but the , uh , garbage men , Uh-huh . come by , uh , on your regular garbage day and pick up the recycling out at the curb . I think that 's great . There 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out . I do n't know if it 's , the , if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded , uh , bags and , uh , bins . Yeah , we have burlap sacks , Oh . and they give us one for aluminum and , uh , steel , one for metals , Uh-huh . and one for glass , and then you can either bundle your newspapers or put them in grocery bags . So , we have , we leave three little piles , that they need out on the curb every Thursday and the garbage men come by and , uh , collect them and leave us new bags when ours get old and ratty or leave the ones if they 're still in good shape . Oh , that 's great . And , the , it really pays for itself because , oh , then the city , Uh-huh . gets the money from the recycling . Yeah , we 're , we 're all for it . Our , um , we 've got several bins in our , on , in our garage where we , uh , you know , sort things out and , and take it to , to the appropriate places . Yeah , the one thing I wish we could recycle is magazines . But they claim that because of the way they 're bound they , uh , it 's too expensive to recycle them . At my office , Yes . we have two big cardboard boxes in the library where everybody goes to pick up their mail , and they 're , uh , one 's for white paper and one 's for colored paper so anything like manuscripts or computer paper or so- , 