then their sons do it . What they do is they work construction , then they get laid off for like twelve weeks in the winter . And , uh , this guy was going nuts , and his , uh , son built him a garage and got him some , uh , oh , I do n't know what the equipment 's called , but planers and things -- Uh-huh , -- and -- shapers and planers and -- -- s , set him up , and h- , he makes , -- routers . all kinds of furniture for , um , his kids , and he makes , uh , uh , like little kids ' furniture . He gets right into it and , uh , There was a program on T V down here on the educational channel here a while back about a lot of little , little companies of one and two guys , you know , up there , espec- , this particular one , I think , was in Maine and New Hampshire , where out in the , just kind of out in these little towns they 'd be in , they may be the same kind of people you 're talking about . You know , they 've , they 've got twelve weeks to do something , and they , they 're making furniture and just , you know , things like that during the winter and then they go off and do other things during the summer . Yeah , it 's a , So , yeah , it 's a really , Yeah , yeah . good thing because it 's keeping him sane , Yeah . and plus it 's keeping his marriage , Yeah . so , and , and plus he 's getting on in his years now . He 's , he 's not that old , but he 's getting to the point where he needed an extra boost , Yeah . to , to do something like that . And , uh , it 's really , it 's , it 's , uh , hard work . I could n't imagine taking lumber , raw lumber and trying to make something out of it . He d , That would be really t , you know , like say the , He dowels everything . Oh , man , yeah . And it 's all got to line up . It 's , and , uh , I do n't think he goofs too much , I do n't to , see too much scrap around . Yeah , yeah , that 's , that 's something . Now our temperatures down here , we 're starting to get pretty consistently in the seventies and eighties -- God , I 'm envious . -- and , uh , so , and , uh , so as far as , you know , planting outdoor stuff , matter of fact , tonight I just got through , I was planting some , some trees out back tonight , and , uh , this is , uh , it 's really nice , Is it going to be , out tonight . Almost hated to come , you know . Is it going to be really dry ? Uh , are you pl , are you , 