Well , um , I 'm , uh , pretty pro gun control over all . I , uh , I 've had a lot of arguments with people about the issue of gun control and , uh , I must say that there are a couple of arguments against , uh , strong gun control which I find very compelling , although most the people who argue gun control with me I find , uh , use sort of canned arguments , you know , sort of the N R A slogan arguments and , um , uh , see I 've been very frustrated when I do debate with people about it . Um , I guess on a one , a scale of one of ten I 'm probably around a two in terms of fair restricting guns and I have to admit most of that is , uh , strong personal distaste . I do n't like the idea of people being able to kill me with very little effort . Um , and , uh , guns are very symbolic of them having that power over me . Well , me being from Texas , Uh-huh . I hope you 're ready for this . Um , uh , I 'll give it a try . I 've got my Texan stereotypes in place . Well , I 'm not your stereotypical Texan . I was raised around guns , hunting . Uh-huh . So I do n't have a fear of fire arms in any respect . Uh-huh . I resp , I respect them and what their capabilities are . Uh-huh . And on top of that spending a good portion of my earlier years in the military , as a Green Beret , I definitely respect the power of weaponry . Uh-huh . It 's pretty power is n't it ? And here in Houston , as well as just about any big city anywhere across this country , and here , here , here you go , here you , this will be border line N R A which I am not a member of . Okay . Okay . When you , I mean , you 've heard the , the slogan , um , if you outlaw guns then only out laws will have guns . Uh-huh . That applies to anything as well as guns . MUMBLEx a gun . Well , you , you 've got , well , any of the big cities you 've got the different rival gangs and they 're having their little turf wars over their little drug kingdoms and such , Uh-huh . And they get out their little Mac tens , they get out their little uzis and they 're going to fight with them . And it does n't matter what restrictions you put on that type of weapon or a class three firearm . If they want it they 'll get it . I do n't care if , if they 've got to go down into New Mexico to get it they 'll get it and they 'll get across the border . Now my position , although , I have absolutely no use for a fully automatic weapon , Uh-huh . anyway . Since I am a law-abiding citizen and I have never had a felony , if I wanted to buy one , I do n't think there should be that big of a restriction on it . If they want to run a background check on me , fine . If they want to put a seven day waiting period , fine , again . Uh-huh . If they want , want me to present a letter from my county sheriff saying that I 've got his permission to have an automatic weapon in his county , that 's fine too . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . What I do n't gets dangerous in terms of civil liberties because pretty soon it 's it would n't , you do n't want to have someone making a personal trust in that way , I would hope . I mean , because I mean someone the personal sheriff does n't like does n't get to have a gun and someone the personal sheriff , Well , MUMBLEx , the only , well , the criteria the sheriff would have to follow has , is this guy a convicted felon ? Uh , is he a habitual trouble maker ? Are we picking him up every Saturday , Yeah . for a drunk and disorderly and if he had an automatic weapon could he really be raising some problems . 