uh-huh . Yeah , sometimes I , I get them on my , uh , answering machine at home so , and I hate that when I 've got a whole bunch of messages and I go through them and most of them are n't from anybody at all . What I would love to see done to stop all of this , Uh-huh . we 've got a thing in this country , you can have your phone number unlisted , Uh-huh . and I think a law should be passed to where any of these people , I think it 's great , that you know , freedom of speech in this country and everything , but if they 're going to offer these services , or these recorded message , everything , they ought to be stuck working with the phone book like everybody else instead of using a computer to go through and just go down every sequence of numbers for this certain area code and call them . Uh-huh , yes , see I have an unlisted telephone number , but I still get all of those calls and then some of them are speaking in a foreign language that I do n't even understand . So , yeah , I do , I really feel that 's , uh , an invasion of my privacy . I agree with you on that particular subject there . Let me see . That 's about , that as far as any other everyday occurrences , I put a stop to some of them as far as the door to door , either religious groups , or people peddling products . If I wanted their products , I would have either gone to the store to bought it , or I would have called for their salesman to come out . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Yeah , that 's true . Living in an apartment complex though , you know you ca n't , um , you ca n't really stop those people from coming around even though they put up signs out front that says no solicitations , uh , but they still come up to the front door and , uh , you know , walk around . So , usually what I do is I 'll call the apartment manager and tell them hey , there 's people coming around , you know , and they 're trying to sell something or , or they 're from a religious organization and I really hate that . I really , really do . I had somebody come to the door about two weeks ago and , uh , gosh it was about nine o'clock at night , too . It was n't even what I would consider , you know , family hours , time to , you know , start going to bed and uh , and it was somebody from , um , oh what was it , the , uh , Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , and uh , I 've read a lot about , uh , that particular sect 