Okay , what kind of car are you thinking about buying next ? Well , what a wh- , what do we currently have , I have a Subaru , uh , G O X T . What year ? Eighty-eight . Oh , okay . Well , I have a ninety Honda Civic , and I 'm ready to get rid of it . Actually , Oh , it 's not pretty old . No , uh , well , I ha , I had an eighty-eight that I really liked and it got wrecked , and so I bought a ninety , um , because I , I really liked my eighty-eight and I 've had a lot of problems with this one , so , So , you think their quality control 's going down over there , kind of ? Well , you , it 's , it 's kind of funny , um , I know a lot , Well , I , I , I think we 're going to see that I think , uh , that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit , Oh . while American carmakers are trying to get their , Yeah . put together , so . It 's , it 's true , it 's definitely true because , But , but that 's one reason I , uh , I 've had no problems with my Subaru , that 's one reason I went with it because I , Subaru had a good reputation , uh , for , you know , low maintenance , so . Yeah , well , Honda does too , that 's why I was really , Well , really , there 's , there 's no question but you have a nineteen , I mean , I 've got to see if , I mean , I 've seen and I 've had friends that have , uh , like , uh , eighty-one or eighty , uh , Celicas , Uh-huh . and those things just keep ticking . Yeah . I mean , they just , they can rack up a , a hundred fifty K on them , That 's true . and they 're still beating on them , That 's true . and it 's just amazing and then they got , and you know they 're not making them like that now , d- , d- , you know , No , so , not at all . but they 're still , they 're still a lot , I think , definitely better than the American carmaker system . Oh , I , I definitely agree with you there , , because I had , uh , uh , uh , Ford T Bird before I got my Honda , and it was the worst car I 've ever owned , Yeah . and , um , that 's why , I mean , I was so tickled with my Honda it was just a wonderful car and then it got wrecked and , you know , I would n't even look at another car , Yeah . I just went and bought a Honda , I mean , I did n't even , I did n't look around or anything I just said that this is what I want , , and I really have had a lot of problems with it , but I do n't know . Well , maybe you need to unload it on somebody el- , . Well , I 'll probably hold on to it since it 's still under warranty but in the first twelve months that I owned it , it was in the shop an average of about once a month , , it was in the shop about twelve times the first twelve months . Yeah , that 's a lot . Yeah , it was , I was really disappointed because I was , you know , so , hyped up on Honda , so . Oh , well . 