-- but that 's more a matter of , you know -- Yeah . -- I 'm no longer a teenager in high school . Yeah , I think there 's more pressure like on both parents to work , and things like that than there used to be and , Hello . Somebody 's at the door . So . Hang on just a second . Okay . . Okay . But , uh , I do n't know , that 's just , that 's one thing I see , I see a lot more , you know , double income families and a lot more like baby sitters raising the kids and things like that , I guess . Yeah , that 's true , it 's getting more and more expensive to live . Yeah , that 's for sure . You ca n't , you ca n't make it , Yeah , without it hardly , that 's right . I guess , when I was growing up , it was , it was still the ideal to get a , get a home and buy house , MUMBLEx and these days you see a lot of people living in apartments -- Yeah . -- forever -- Yeah -- -- you know , you just do n't buy a house , -- just because they ca n't get into one , yeah , that 's right . Yeah , the ways our tax laws and stuff are structured , you ca n't ever catch a break until you can get into a house -- Yeah . -- in a lot of ways , so . Yeah , that 's , that 's a good point so , I 'm trying to think of anything else that 's changed over the last ten or twenty years . Yeah , for me it 's kind of hard , I do n't know . I think , I do n't know , I think the middle class is shrinking and the , uh , lower class is expanding -- Oh , yeah , I agree . -- and sooner or later there 's going to , there 's going to be a turn around . Well , I hope so , you know , at some point but I do n't know at what point , But I think it 's going to be at the expense of the middle class , uh -- Yeah , -- so , usually is -- Yeah . -- I think . It 's , uh , It 's hard for me to say . I hope it happens , because I 'd be one of those that gets caught . But on the other hand , there 's a lot of injustice that needs to be , be changed . Yeah , that 's right . Do you work at T I ? Yeah . Do you ? Yeah . What , uh , department do you work in ? I 'm in semiconductor . Are you ? I 'm in semiconductor division too . Yeah . So . How long you been with them , since you moved down here ? About eight years , yeah . Um , I 'm over at the Center One building . Yeah , so am I . Are you really . What floor ? Two . I 'm on the seventh floor . Well , How about that . Well , it 's a small world . 