and , uh , I have n't gotten called yet , but , uh , I feel that it 's probably pre- , it 's pretty good if , if they feel like there is a vast majority of the people at the company doing drugs . Do they feel that way ? Uh , I think that they thought that there was a lot of drug usage here at T I , but I think our latest sat- , statistic said something like ninety-nine point nine eight percent were , uh , testing negative on all the dru- , -- Uh-huh . -- on , on all the testing . Well , I , I think it 's a good idea just because I 'm opposed to -- Uh-huh . -- to the drugs . I think it can cause a lot of problems even though they think they can handle it . Uh-huh . It 's , uh , I do n't know , I do n't really liken it to alcohol but , yet that can be carried to an extreme , too . Uh-huh . So I think it 's a good idea and I think just the idea that you know that you may be tested -- Right . -- might keep you off of them or get you off of them because you 're , I do n't know that their job would be at risk , because I think they may put them into some sort of a program to get them off of drugs . Right . I would think that , is that how they do it at T I maybe . That , Right , I at T I , if you get called in and you test positive for drugs , then you 're put on a program and , uh , you know , you go through the program and then you 're called like six months after you complete the pro- , program -- Uh-huh . -- and if you test positive , then you 're terminated . Well , , I guess I , I draw a hard line , but , you know , I would , I 'm , I 'm in favor of , of that type of thing . Yeah , uh-huh . That , uh , you , you have people out there that are responsible for certain things -- Uh-huh . -- and you expect them to do their job and -- That 's right . -- it , it is possible that , you know , that they ca n't do as good a job , uh , as they might do . Uh-huh . Oh , and , of course they can also cause injury to other people . Uh-huh . If they 're , if they 're not , uh , you know , fully functional mentally while they 're doing their job . They could cause -- Right , and you never know -- -- you know , serious injury to -- -- they could just go off the deep end -- -- oth- , another people . -- on , on a , on something -- Uh-huh . -- uh , that whatever -- Uh-huh . -- they 're taking at the time and , and it would be , uh , you know , out of the question . Uh-huh . Also , I guess you can , you know , get the wrong kind of stuff and kill yourself -- That 's right . -- just by having a wrong mix of or watered down or -- Oh yeah . -- or whatever , all kinds . I sub in the schools -- Uh-huh . -- so I 've , you know , had a , they -- So , -- they talk a lot about -- Right . -- drugs there and I think it 's good that they 're trying to start some programs down in the elementary schools . Right . But , you know , I think they can test all they want for drugs you know , and -- Uh-huh . -- if they need to do that as a condition for employment 