but there is n't a lot of heavy industry . There 's the freeways and we get an occasional , it depends which way the wind 's blowing from Boston , cause we 're like forty miles south of Boston , so we 'll pick up that . And , uh , I 've noticed over the past say , maybe five or six years , uh , we live about twenty miles away from the state airport and I notice that the fly patterns now of the jets are getting bigger , they 're swinging wider so that now they are coming over , over our homes . Uh-huh . And , it seems like , uh , we 're catching all that residue . I 'm not sure if it 's kerosene or what that 's dropping . But , other than that , you know , we do n't have the , unless we 're catching it from the midwest , the emissions . Yeah . You know from the power plants . Um . You mean like from the coal . Yeah , yeah , we generate , one of our , our biggest electrical plants in Rhode Island uses coal to , uh , Um , generate electricity . Um , there does n't seem to be much emission from them , but I 'm not sure about the rest of the country . Yeah , I notice locally a major problem is Kodak . Um , it 's interesting because in order to , uh , keep with the E P A standards which , which tend to be visible , uh , what 's coming out of your smokestack , they do all their emissions at night . Uh , so people get up , Okay , well , is that right ? . Yeah , people get up in the morning in that neighborhood and they 've got this black ash on their cars , which , you know , seems to be , Yeah , surprise , surprise . Yeah , I mean , I really think that if the E P A had anything on the ball they 'd go in there with a few phosphorous grenades , light up the sky , photograph the emissions at that point , and , uh , you know , Yeah . There , there must be , uh , uh , some of the , some of the , uh , larger plants up , uh , up around one hundred twenty-eight . Uh-huh . Um , we 've got reports that , uh , during the night seems like they 'd blow off their , their stacks from , uh , Right . the warehouses , for powerhouses , Uh-huh . and , they do that at night too , because , Right . employees been complaining that the cars have been pitted , and , you know , spots all over them . Yeah , yeah . So , you 're right , they could do something a- . about , about that , I guess . Yeah . That seems a little ridiculous . How are your , uh , your lakes , and , uh , Oh they 've been getting cleaner . They have ? Sure . But , um , yeah , I 'm not sure how much the water pollution is , is directly related to the air pollution , other than acid rain , yeah , 