Uh-huh . You know , well , to begin with , you know , I pretty much question or what , what the U S -s motives were in , uh , in , in actually the original involvement . Uh-huh . Uh , I , the cynical side of me says that , you know , it was more for , uh , the , the domestic political situation than for anything else . Huh , yeah , okay . You know , and that , you know , and for portraying Bush is a strong President . Sure . Uh , I mean I really , I really think that , that , my gut feeling is that , that , you know , he pretty much picked , picked the fight with , uh , with , um , Hussein . Uh-huh . I mean I 'm not , not saying at all that Hussein was n't quite willing to ge- , enter that fight . Right . But , you know , I think , I think that , that , um , we chose to have our official feelings hurt . Uh-huh . Where a lot w- , Well , do you think that , uh , we should ignore it and just allowed him to go ahead and , uh , you know , move on into Kuwait and see what happens ? I think , I mean I thought , I think that , um , in the past we 've allowed lots of things like that to happen . Uh-huh . And I , I really do n't , I really do n't think that , I think , I think it was , it was , there were , there were a lot more demographic related interests involved than true foreign policy interests . Right . Um , Yeah , well may have been . You know , I 'm not saying that that 's not the case . Uh , Yeah . And I mean in , in , in along this line since , since , you know it , it really , it really did n't accomplish very much except we 're getting , getting , uh , the Iraqis out of Kuwait . Right . I just do n't , I just do n't , I , I , I d- , I , I , I do n't foresee Bush making the decision to invest a lot of manpower and money and , you know , in , in fighting a second battle . No . Um , you know , over , over the , uh , over , over what , what probably wo n't accomplish him , accomplish much for him politically . No , it does n't look like we 're getting ready to do , to do much more in there . Uh-huh . Even at this point . Uh-huh . Yeah . Well what about , uh , do you have any , any views on , uh , Israel 's relation to the U S ? Do you , think we ought to , you know , back off on our support of the country or what do yo- , Well , I have , I have very fixed feelings about Israel . Um , I think that , that for a long while we 've , we 've had almost a , you know , ha- , t- , 