And , they can all stay in those cabins . And then , you know , you can have cookouts and stuff like that that does n't cost you as much . That would be great . That would be really nice . Yeah . But , that 's , uh , you know , that 's the best way I found , Yeah . because whenever you have , That sounds good . something where you go and , now we had one , this was before I lost a lot more of my family , but it was n't any of my immediate family anyway . Uh-huh . Because I did n't have any of them left . But , um , Uh-huh . they had , uh , uh , thing where you could , everybody could come and meet and go out to eat . Uh-huh . But , I did n't think that was as good . Because , Yeah . it was like , you know , you could n't really talk and stuff , like you could when , Yeah . you were at the lake , Yeah , yeah . or somewhere , you know , where you were out . Right . This was like everybody came into town and went to this restaurant . And you have to sit at a table and just , yeah , Yeah . And , it just , I did n't like that much . Well , um , did you , was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite . I mean , did you have to draw a line , or did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line ? No . Like , they just whoever , What they did was , wanted to come . Well , see what they did was , okay , they , uh , they wrote to all the initial people , you know , Uh-huh . the , the oldest ones . Right . Okay , then those in turn got a hold of these other ones . Uh-huh . And they had like , I think there was four or five different people , Uh-huh . that would call , Uh-huh . you know , some of them , if they did n't have their addresses and all on them , and , you know , Yeah . they told them that what we had to do was when we sent back in our information , we had to tell them how many people were going to be coming , you know . Right . And then , when they , when they talked to us or when they sent us the letter , it , uh , you know , to get the information and all , 