it 's , when I go visit them , uh , I get on that thing every now and then . Yeah , it 's nice because when the weather 's bad you ca n't , you do n't have any excuse . Uh-huh , I just got the bicycle out today , and it was real nice outside , had to get out to do something . Yeah , I ca n't ride a bike so . I 've been sitting in here in the house all weekend with a cold so thought I , Oh . better , better get outside and do something and not waist the day . Yeah , it 's too nice , it 's been too nice all weekend . But , uh , yeah , I need to start jog something again . I 've always of that to be , uh , really one of the best forms of exercise , but it 's terribly boring , and so I really do n't ever keep a program up consistently . Have you ever had any injuries from jogging ? No , I never have . Well , I do n't job enough I think to develop any injuries I usually only go about a mile or two . I guess it worries me about jogging it 's that I hear that it 's very hard on your body and , and that , you know , you can end up getting hurt , Yeah , worse . it 's , it 's tough on the joints if you jog on concrete , Uh-huh . or on asphalt . Suppose to be much better if you find grass , uh , or , or dirt to jog on . Yeah , that 's not quite so , You have to have the right , so easy . type of shoes too , that 's , Yeah . very important . Yeah . I found that , But , true especially from walking on toe and fronts . Yeah , I do n't have to buy jogging shoes all to often my do n't get very much use . Well , I guess my breakdown about , they say about every six months . Uh-huh . I usually enjoy the exercise I do but , uh , like I said I 'm just not very consistent about maintaining a , a program . So I 'll , I 'll bicycle I get into that for , for a little while and maybe go out , uh , on a consistent basis every couple of days and ride a bike for awhile , but then I 'll get tired of doing that , and maybe start jogging again and go out about three or four nights a week . MUMBLEx . But , uh , that gets old too in a very short order , Yeah . I 'm , I 'm hoping that this , uh , solo flex will , uh , uh , change things a little bit , I really need to get on a regular type of program and use that thing on a consistent basis . Yeah , well , do n't let it collect dust . 