It 's been a long time . Oh , okay . So , um , there used to be a , uh , race track . Uh-huh . Yeah , it was , that was impression I got when I was there so , Yeah , I think that 's right . Okay , yeah , so had a lot of fun actually , I mean , I like minor league baseball , a lot . It 's cheaper for one thing . Well , that 's true . I think , I 've kind of become a Rangers fan over the last eleven years since I 've been here . Uh , they 've led the American league in batting , fielding and pitching , but they 've never been able to do more than one of those in any , any given year . So . Yes . I think they 're in for a odd year this year , actually , um , they , um , I do n't understand why Encovilla got released . I do n't either . I mean , the guy 's twenty , twenty-five home rums , maybe thirty , eighty some R B I-s . I mean , he , you know , he ca n't field and , you know , he strikes out a lot , but , I mean , he 's done that for five years . Why get rid of him now ? Really , I mean , he really has become a , a very decent fielder . Oh , yes . Okay . He 's not a , the liability that he was , that he used to be . Oh , okay . Um . Oh , he fits right in with Texas bunch of guys , I mean with Detroit , bunch of guys that hit home runs and strike out a lot . Yeah , of course , get a guy like Cecil Fielder , you know , if he strikes out a lot , so what . Yeah , well , I mean , with Detroit , I mean , they can get away with one guy like that . I mean , if I , if I were in Detroit , I would start building the team around Fielder . Oh , yeah . But that does n't mean get three other guys who hit , all they can do is hit home runs and strike out -- Right . -- you know , which they did . Yep . So . Well , I think the key for , for L A this year is whether Oral Herschiser can come back . I think the pitching 's deep enough that it does n't matter . It may be . I , I like them a lot . I think they 're going to go all the way . Um , and , and , I mean , by saying I like them , I like their chances . I , I actually do n't like the Dodgers , I 'm a Giants fan -- Right , right . -- from way back . Well , picking up Darrell Strawberry did n't hurt . No , but Butler did n't hurt either . Uh , and Bobby Ojeda did n't hurt and , Uh , who 's the last one . Bobby Ojeda . They got him from the Mets for Hubie Brooks . Oh , okay . Um , he 's a , a pretty decent pitcher . He 's , Yes he is . Okay , 