-- and the halogen is , uh , an ozone depleter , and it got hydrocarbons in there . It 's a very clean , uh , fire extinguisher , but it 's , you know , really bad on the environment . Yeah . Huh . Yeah , I guess I missed that one . Uh . Yeah . Automobiles of course are contributing , too , and , you know , how , how we are with our love affair with the auto -- Yeah . -- kind of hard to do anything about that , I guess . I know , uh , in the Twin Cities area , I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right , but they had a new policy where in order to get your , uh , your license , uh , your car license , uh , renewed , you had to meet the pollution standards -- Yeah . -- and , uh . We have that here , too , but it 's part of the inspection sticker , you know , they put a probe in your exhaust pipe and , and the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out , and -- Yeah . -- so that 's , you know , that 's the way they 're dealing with it here . Yeah , uh , yeah I guess that was just mainly in the cities there , and as far as where I live , I do n't have to do that , but -- Yeah . -- I have an old car which I doubt would , uh , would , uh , pass the inspection , a seventy-six , and , uh , you know , there 's no way I would put in a lot of money to , to repair it -- Yeah . -- to meet standards . It 'd probably be difficult anyway . Yeah . So , although I do what I can to , to cut down pollution , but , uh . I was just reading an article in , uh , MOTHER EARTH NEWS , MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine -- Yeah . -- and , uh , they 've got a new , uh , you know a lot of places are burning wood -- Yeah . -- a lot , a lot of people are burning wood , those of us who have , I 've got a place in the country , you know -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , they 've had catalytic con , you know , catalytic converters on those , on , uh , I think they 're required in California and Oregon and , and Washington , but they 've had up those for quite a while , and somebody 's come up with a new one that , uh , sort of , it 's a , it 's a catalytic converter , it 's , it 's a plate that fits in , you know , into the smoke pipe -- Yeah . -- and , uh , apparently it sort of feeds itself . The more smoke is produced , you know , after you get to like five hundred degrees , the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is . And it sounds real neat . I have n't seen them priced anywhere yet , but that , that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on -- 