everyone was discussing whether we should , uh , wait longer , but , I , I , I know that there 's a lot of reasons to wait longer but I think we were genuinely concerned about how , their military capability and we , uh , I think we over estimated it , but still , I think so too . we were really , highly concerned about it and , that we were worried that they were getting dug in and , uh . Well they were , Yeah . and in fact they were so well dug in that , uh , when we sent our tanks around behind them they could n't get turned around in time . Right , they could n't , yeah they could n't , yeah , it 's true they , Saddam thought he had the whole thing , uh , figured out to , to which way we were coming and which , what , what our doctrine was that , uh , Well , had , had we done a frontal assault it probably would have worked more to his favor . That 's right , that 's true . That 's interesting , I think , uh , this political situation over there now is , uh , uh , it 'll be interesting to see what comes out of it whether the , this opposition will , uh , uh , today the Turks , uh , agreed to support the Kurds , which is something they 've never done before Um , interesting . And , uh , this , and the Israelis , uh , and not the Israelis but the Arabs all of a sudden are , uh , are cheering for Baker on his drive for , to reconcile relations with the Israelis , so it 's like , Well , Baker is really not very much pro Israel . Yeah I , And did you know John Sununu is , uh , half Arab ? No , uh , I , I think I did hear that at one time a long time ago , Yeah . because I used to live in , uh , Massachusetts , but , uh , Right , in , in fact , when he was Governor of New Hampshire , I believe . Yeah , New Hampshire . Okay . I believe he was the only one of fifty governors that voted against some kind of resolution of support for Israel a few years back . Oh my gosh . And , uh , now he is a conservative , but he is not a conservative that favors Israel , Uh . and that , that concerns me greatly . Well , I do n't , yeah , I 'd certainly , uh , support Israel in , in their , their policy that in defending themselves and in , uh , in their handling of their foreign policy , 