and the bedrooms are norm . So it just goes down the dining room , the family room , and the living room that way . And I love the space . It just , it 's , uh , luckily I came from a house in Colorado which had the cathedral ceiling and I just lucked out and walked into this one and of course I felt the same airy feeling , which I liked it real well , so it 's a nice thing to move into , but , again , it 's not typical in this area . You can just spot them because the ce- , the roof is so hi , much higher . But , uh , Well I had n't thought about it in that sense , of the high roofs . We have cathedral ceilings in , uh , two rooms . In the , uh , family room and in the master bedroom and those are , are pleasant . Yeah . Well it 's like when my son goes up into the , up into the furnace area over the garage . Yeah . He can walk and he 's six foot . And he says , oh , come on up mom . I 'm not going up there . I 'm not going up there , but he says there 's plenty of room up there for a room . So that means if I knock out the wall in my family room , I could make another room overlooking my family room from upstairs with no problem . But , um , I 'm not that ambitious . I tol- , maybe someday when I feel really ambitious and an- , get angry I 'll start poking holes up there , but until that time . But , uh , I 've noticed the houses around here are basically , it 's one story and they 're all basically two , uh , bath , two , uh , with three bedrooms . And we 're ninety , I would say about , oh , about ninety-five percent , no I guess may- , probably a hundred percent of them all are mostly brick , uh , with some wood . Right . But it 's , it 's basically all brick . The next subdivision over from me is total brick and the one on the other side of me is about the same as mine . But , uh , the one on opposite the street now , they 're total brick and they 're basically almost all three , two . They 're all three , two . But of course they have a little river going down their area too , which is kind of nice . If it 's the kind of river I 'm thinking of , better them , than , than us , you know . Are you talking about a , a real river , creek ? No it 's a creek , they 've put little fountains in and such . Well that 's nice . Uh , I came from Mississippi recently and the rivers that we had there were the ones that came with the rains and they did n't pay any , any attention to banks and that kind of stuff . Oh . 