I have n't expected it to be colder until , you know like we 've gotten the last couple of days . Uh-huh . I do n't know . I fly for a living , and I 've , uh , the weather 's been terribly unusual every where I 've been . Oh , you do -- Yeah . -- so you , you , you probably go everywhere -- Yeah . -- and have all sorts of weather . I imagine it 's kind of an experience also trying to land and take off in the weather . Well , it was around here last night , I 'll tell you that . Well , actually I 'm , I 'm , I 've heard on the news that we , uh , will be setting a record here in the State of Texas for the , uh , large amounts of rain and moisture we 've had this year , that it 's going to break all kind of records that were set , set , set back since nineteen thirty-two . No kidding . So , yeah . Um . If it keeps on raining like this , and I understand it 's supposed to rain until Saturday night . Saturday or Sunday they were saying , yeah . Oh , yes . Yeah , I know the systems have been real strong out . I went through , uh , Phoenix on , twice on , uh , Wednesday morning -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , MUMBLEx approaches to low minimum MUMBLEx both , both times -- Wow . -- and Phoenix never gets that kind of weather so , And so are you an airline pilot ? Yes , I am -- Oh , great . -- for Southwest , yeah . For Southwest , fantastic . I have a brother , I have a brother that 's a pilot , also , with American . Oh , is that right ? Yeah . So I imagine you , uh , oh , with all this kind of weather it , uh , makes it kind of dangerous for you . Well , now , I would n't call it danger . This is , uh , this really is n't bad stuff to fly around in . This is much better than dealing with the thunderstorms in the Springtime . Oh , I guess so , yeah . Yeah , the , the air systems are reasonably calm . We do n't have , uh , the turbulence -- Uh-huh . -- have a , uh , little bit of chop , but it 's not like it is in the spring time . Oh , yes . Well , we moved actually down here from another location , and it 's spectacular the , the thunderstorms and rain storms you get in the spring time , the torrents of rain . Spectacular is the right word for them . Pardon me ? Spectacular is a good word for them . I 've never seen a thunder show like I 've seen down here before in Texas . It 's amazing . Lights up the whole sky and even on a , on a , 