Well , I know that when my youngsters were small , now my older son was adopted so he went into child care at two weeks -- Oh , my goodness . -- and , uh , my younger son went into child care at six weeks . Yeah , yeah , So , they were in that environment actually , up until they became , uh , seven and nine . Uh-huh . And at that point I said , Look they have been given the custodial care that they need , and the after hours care has been as good a quality as I can provide for them . However , they 're going out into the school environment now , they 're under a lot of other influences . I need to be here for them . I need to be involved in their school , because I want to be the one -- Yes , -- who influences the way they develop . So I quit working -- Oh , you did ? -- after my kids started to school -- Um . -- and got involved in volunteer work in their private school so that I could help direct their , their learning experiences and their development . Yeah , yeah . I , I felt like that anybody who cared and loved the kids could change their diapers and feed them and bathe them -- Uh-huh . -- and hold them . Yes , yes , But when time came to direct their ability to make choices -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- to develop the kinds of things that , that they 're going to need to interact with other people , I felt like I needed some strong influence there . Yeah . So , I di- , Well , that 's different than most people do it . I mean -- I know . -- a lot of people do it really the reverse -- That 's right , once they get up in sch- , -- and go to work after the children -- Uh-huh . -- are in school , you know . Uh-huh , uh-huh . But , uh . Well , I just felt very strongly about that , and I , I did not work as a matter of fact , my son was in the second grade , and when he started , uh , at Skyline High School , I asked him , Son , when , uh , you know , where do I go to sign up for the P T A ? And he said , Mom , do n't do that to me , please do n't do that to me . So I knew it was time to go back to work . But I feel very -- Yeah . -- good about spending those years with my boys . Yes , that 's true . Uh , and I was just really grateful I only had one bad child care experience . It was in a home . Uh , the care taker that they had had since they were infants just could not do it . She was from , um , uh , uh , Argentina -- Uh-huh . -- and she was going back home , and I could n't just , you know , wait for eight , three or four months and then bring them back to her -- Yeah . -- so I had to find a new place -- Yeah . -- and I put them in this home , the kids cried when I took them , the kids cried wh , I could hear the kids crying when I went to pick them up -- Oh , dear , -- they were always cranky and irritable -- Oh , dear , -- so I just took off and went there one day , and , uh , the children were left unattended in a room , you know , they , they were not well cared for -- Oh , how awful , -- and , uh -- Yeah , -- so it did n't take me long to take them out of that place -- Yeah . -- but , that 's the only bad experience I had , 