Let 's just hope we do n't get to that point . Things are not so good in Texas job wise . No , I 've , I 've heard they 're , I hear you have some problems . Well , we do . We have lots and lots of , uh , layoffs here . Lot of companies folding , lot of layoffs and it 's pretty scary . Do , do you , do you blame the , the government in Washington for this ? Well , I do n't understand economics that well . I do n't know , I , I know that we have a terrible situation with foreign trade and that other countries put a lot of restrictions that we do n't -- Yeah . -- and so I assume that that has some effect . Yeah . Or a great effect . Uh-huh . And I do , uh , I mean , they said during the way , Reagan-Bush years , the rich got richer , the poor got poorer , the statistics prove that so , uh , I , I guess , So then , you think it 's , it 's , you think it 's Reagan and Bush have done this or is it just coincidence it was during this period ? Well , I really do n't know . I think maybe they , uh , maybe they contributed to it . Maybe they should pay more attention to these trade , or , you know , to the more equalization of the trade . Uh-huh . Of course , if somebody in , in China can make something for ten cents and we have to make it for ten dollars because we have unions , well , I do n't know what 's going to happen then . Oh , the Chinese use slave labor , too . Right . That 's , that 's one of the ways they get away with it . And child labor . Yeah . Right . Well , I do n't know . What do you think has caused our horrible situation ? Uh , I do n't think there 's any one -- One thing . -- simple answer to the whole thing . I mean it 's , that 's very complicated . Right , well , they say , too , that having a democratic congress and republican President is not good . I mean , I 've read that is a theory . So which one are we going to throw out ? Well , I hate to say it , but , I , I 'm tending to go straight back into my original democratic party . Uh-huh . Uh , Texas , Texas used to be a democratic state , did n't it ? Oh , I know , it used to , right . Well , you do n't want too many democrats anymore and for a while I kind of deserted the party , 