Yeah . Now , the , interestingly enough , I do n't think we have here , a , a lot of gangs , but , uh , only a couple , uh -- Uh-huh . -- of , not a whole large group of them , but , uh , just a few . Most of them centered around , uh , drug territory . Uh-huh . And so they 're protecting their economic interests , I guess . Yeah . And , uh , nowadays the latest thing I 've , I 've read about in the paper here that they 're doing as far as , uh , crimes involving stealing cars is that , instead of stealing , uh , cars like at night , breaking into them or whatever , they will pick out a car that they want and wait until you show up , and then as you get out of the car , they just , uh , step up and , uh , take the keys off of you and drive the car away and leave you standing in front of your house . Well , that 's efficient . Yeah , that 's the , uh , latest thing . That way there 's no damage to the car or anything . They just wait for you to show up after they 've picked out which one they want . They 're decided they 're completely unworried about being identified or anything -- Uh-huh . -- of that sort . Right . Just wait for you to drive to your house , you get out and they get in , off they go with your car . Wow . So it 's , uh , I think they call it car jacking around here . Yeah , yeah , I 'd heard that phrase . Uh-huh , yeah , that 's kind of the latest thing , but , every year in the D C area it gets progressively worse as far as the number of homicides , so it 's , uh , it 's unfortunate that we feel sometimes even that we have to bring our kids up in this area because we 're not from around here , we 're from , uh , I 'm from Ohio and my wife 's from Florida so , Uh-huh . And we 've just come from twenty years in the military and , uh , which is an entirely different environment , so this is a whole new thing for , for us to , to have to put up with and it 's , uh , really scary sometimes . Yeah , there are n't that many , places that are safe from that sort of thing nowadays . Right . And it 's pretty bad when they 're using metal detectors in school -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , of course , the mayor , uh , of D C is having a real problem , uh , trying to , what do you do to , to reduce crime in a , in a major city like D C where it 's a way of life for everybody . It 's , uh , I would hate to have to wrestle with that problem . I do n't know what , what the solution is . Uh , there 's no way they can stop the drugs , and that 's what 's causing all the killing . 