Yeah . Were , were they in any of the areas where they , Yeah , they were on some of the Scuds ? the , the , ne , near , uh , Dahran . Um . On the , Um-hum . on the wes , east coast . Yeah . They were just north of it . Um . Probably about a hundred fifty miles , hundred miles from uh , the Kuwaiti border . Uh , and they stayed active was the , uh , the military there . Taking supplies out to them in the desert . Uh-huh . It was , it was a new situation . Yeah . I 'll bet . I do n't really have much more to say . I do n't know anything else that 's current other than the weather and , You 're right , and that 's , that 's awful in Texas . Have , have you all been getting rain storms down there ? We got some awful rain , uh , the other morning . And today 's just been real drizzly . We did , we did last night . Uh , some real massive thunderstorms . Yeah . Apparently , I , I do n't know if it was just the strong winds or some small tornadoes up this way too . Uh-huh . Caused some damage . It did ? We may get some more tonight . Oh , well . We , we 've just got slight chances of rain . But , uh , we had the , we had the hard thunderstorms the other morning . Course while everybody was getting ready to go to work . Making nice traffic jams . So , Uh-huh . Well the , the ground here is so flat , and it 's all saturated now , Oh . we 're getting some flooding . Right , uh , when was it , last week , we had all the rain ? But , uh , we , I think we had about eight inches . Hm . It was between six and eight inches here where we are . Goodness . And , uh , it , you walk out on the ground , I mean you , I mean , it 's awful . It 's just so soggy . Yeah . It 's a lot more humid down that way . Yeah . In fact , miserable . Well , today it was , I mean , the air was just so sticky , so damp . Yeah , I think there were places around downtown Fort Worth last night they got three inches in a real short period of time , like an hour or so just , Goodness . a bunch . Well , I guess that 's it . Right . Well it 's , That 's about as much as we can do with current events . Right . Well , it was nice talking to you . Good talking to you , Michelle . All right . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 