I have n't . But , in my job , I 'm a nurse , and we are allowed to be . I mean , you know , this is the rules that they can do this anytime . Uh , I do n't know of anyone who ever has been picked out and been tested . So it 's just sort of , uh , they can if they , They can if they choose to . Oh , okay . Right . Have you , well wai- , have you had any experience with it at all ? Uh , not really but I 've always worked on a university level but a lot of my friends had to be tested before they got summer jobs and stuff . Uh-huh . So what do you think about that ? Uh , I do n't , I do n't think they 're very accurate because , I mean , I know their lifestyles changed p- , prior to the drug test and I know they changed afterwards . Right , right . See I know of that too . And I also know that things like antihistamines , Sudafeds , things like that , can really throw it off . And you can not get a job because of it Yeah , I , I had a friend , it did n't cause her any problems with her job but it came back that she tested positive for using a hallucinogen . Uh-huh . But what it was , was she had been u- , she had been , uh , in the jungle and it was some Malaria medication and she tested positive for that . See , and so it really is a dangerous thing that way because I know of somebody that tested for an airline and did n't get the job and they were n't told why . But a lot of people say the reason why , after you take a physical , will be because of the drug testing or they would tell you . Or this person never use any drugs . See , I always , I thought they got , you got called back if you tested positive , for more tests . Uh , you should . Because you should be given another chance or at least be able to justify it or something . I have real mixed feelings about it . I do n't know . How , do you know how wrong they are ? Are they , I mean , is there a margin of error ? The accuracy ? I do n't know . I do n't know . But , I know there are a lot of things that can influence them 