Yeah . So where do you think they target their efforts ? That 's true . You d- , They target their efforts toward the citizens -- Well , -- not the criminals . How would you go about changing it ? You know , that 's a , I 've nailed the problem down but I , Leave the details up to somebody else , huh . Yeah , I 'm going to have to leave those details like , what would you do about , I think , to begin with , you would h , you would have , like , here in Atlanta area , our crime rate is just astronomical , yet , you go out on the streets and they 're giving speeding tickets . Yeah . I think somehow you have to separate the revenues from , Well , you know , uh , talking about the lawyers , you know what might very well do , uh , cause a , uh , a drop in the number of lawyers and things like that , is to set the fees for cases . It 's kind of like do it , do it in the similar vein similar , like , uh , V C R or television repair . If you take your T V in , a lot of these T V repair places will say , well , I 'll repair your T V for a hundred dollars , and if he gets in there and starts rooting around and finds something in there that 's really tremendously wrong with it , then he eats it . He , he repairs it , gives it back to you , and takes your hundred dollars . Now , if he comes in and says , you know , I 'll repair your , your V C R , or somebody else 's V C R , for a hundred dollars , gets in there , maybe it 's a blown fuse , takes him two minutes , he fixes it , he still charges you that hundred dollars . So , maybe if we did that with the lawyers , so that , you know , whether it 's a murder case or a , you know , a civil , uh , somebody suing somebody else , you get X dollars for that case and that 's it . Now , None of this , I firmly believe in that because when you get the most heinous of crimes , have you ever noticed you always get the most renowned defense attorney ? Oh , yeah . And here 's this bum that did n't have a job -- Yeah . -- and he 's got a attorney that you and I could never afford . That 's true . Who 's -- Yeah . -- paying for that ? Um , y- , well , you , you know , you 're talking to part of them that 's paying for that . Yeah , and you 're talking to the other half that 's paying for it That 's right . You know that 's , it , it 's , it 's amazing and , and when you stop and look at it , I mean , the judges , th- , they 're all former lawyers . Yeah , 