and we have enough clouds that , uh , there are other areas that would be better suited . That surprised me because I think , we have a tremendous amount of , um , sunny days . Uh-huh . And , and it , yes , it can be used and it can help but , uh , that was a problem that they were still working on . But , Oh yeah . It , it 's still got a long way to go . Well I , It 's just , you know , a possible solution -- Yes . -- in the future , I think , maybe to help in some ways . It may not in all ways . Maybe they 'll come up with fusion . You know , con- , be able to control it . I do n't know how long that 'll take , but , one of these days , because that 's perfectly clean . Yes . It 's just we ca n't control it . Right now it takes more energy to cause fusion to occur then you get out , so , it is n't , not at all , and you ca n't control it unless you gotten a huge electromagnetic field , so that 's not going to work . At least not now . But , uh , who knows what the future will hold . Uh , as far as energy goes , I , I think , with solving some of the energy , future energy problems , we 'll probably solve some of the pollution problems as well . Uh , I hope so . I do to . I like to be optimistic , I do n't like to be pessimistic about these things . Well , I do think , um , I mean , you 've already mentioned several things , I think , uh , just the change in attitude and the fact that more people are aware there is a problem and more people are interested in , uh , We have one earth , Yes . to live on and we got to take care of it . Yes . Well , -- Uh-huh . -- and , and for the future generations , too . Uh , I 've noticed students are , are much more , you know , young , young people are much more receptive to ideas about the environment -- Yes . -- and protecting the earth . And so , if we can raise it , uh , you know , generations with those concerns , we 'll solve a lot of our problems . I 'm afraid , I know I was part of the me generation where they did n't , MUMBLEx so many of them did n't , people did n't care . You know , it 's whatever , you know , recycle , well , if it 's a problem , forget that . Uh , not throw the trash out the car window and leave it in the car and then throw it away ? How horrible , you know . Now , I 've always done those kinds of things because I just did n't like messes , and ... 