Yeah . I guess , uh , uh , it 's an easy one for me . I think that 's , uh , there 's something seriously wrong , yeah . What is it that you are , you know , particularly upset about ? Uh , I guess , uh , I think they 've lost their compass and , uh , I 'm not sure they know exactly what , uh , uh , public education supposed to be for anymore . But , uh , I voted with my feet and , uh , my kids go to parochial school . Uh-huh . So , uh , What do you feel that your kids are getting in the parochial schools that they would n't get in a , the public school system ? Well , one hundred percent of the , uh , customers care . That 's one thing . Everybody cares about the education the kids are getting . And , uh , they , uh , take an active , relatively active part . Which , uh , I mean if you 're , uh , sending two thousand dollars that way every year , you , uh , watch what goes on and you , uh , uh , pay attention and participate and , and you can influence the way things are . So you 're saying that the taxpayer who also is really paying through the pocketbook for the education of the child may not be quite so conscious of the fact that they are paying the tuition for that child in the form of , uh , real estate or other taxes and , and , consequently , they 're not so motivated to get involved and make sure things happen the way they 'd like to see them happen ? Yeah . The immediacy just is n't there . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , I also think that one of the problems and , actually , I do n't think this , I think this is a cultural problem . The , uh , problem with public education is really , uh , really a problem with the culture . And , I guess my evidence for that is the school districts in places like California , for example , where only a minority of the taxpayers have children in school and you ca n't get a tax levy passed . Uh , people are , uh , reluctant to pass , uh , school tax levies even , uh , when the money is needed or would be well spent because it 's , uh , they do n't have kids in the schools . Right . I think that 's a , a loss of civic virtue and a loss of , uh , uh , the cultural attitude that we used to have that education was first even if it was n't our kids . I think that 's , uh , that 's the principal problem is that , uh , people no longer see it as , uh , as their problem and there 's an immediate problem . Right . It troubles me too tha- , that the priority seems to be with my particular purse strings rather than the public good and by definition , for some of us , at least , the public good includes having an educated populace and then -- Right . 