Uh , let 's see . How about , uh , let 's see , about ten years ago , uh , what do you think was different ten years ago from now ? Well , I would say as , far as social changes go , uh , I think families were more together . They , they did more things together . Uh-huh . Uh , they ate dinner at the table together . Uh , the parents usually took out time , uh , you know , more time than they do now to come with the children and just spend the day doing a family activity . Uh-huh . Uh , although I 'm not a mother , I , I still think that , uh , a lot has changed since ten years ago . Uh , what do you -- We , -- think about that ? Well , uh , actually ten years from today seems rather short . Yeah . Uh , but I do agree that , uh , generally it 's , society has sort of , uh , let 's see , rushed everything ahead . Uh-huh . And , uh , I do n't know , it leaves , leaves a lot of time out for family and things like that . In other words , they just prioritize their lives differently . But I think that has a lot to do with economic situation . Yes . What about like as far as , uh , social changes in the individual ? Do -- Uh , -- you think that the individual has as much time as they did , let 's say , ten , twenty years ago ? Um . It depends . Uh , it 's hard to say because I think people were busy ten twenty years ago too . Uh-huh . Uh , I just , Well , how , how old are you ? I 'm twenty-eight . Twenty-eight . Okay , I 'm twenty-three . Yeah . So there 's maybe a five year gap between us . Yeah . So , uh . I just , I think that things were a bit , were , have been busy all along . It 's just -- Huh . -- a matter where priorities are , at placed . Yes . And that , uh , usually as far as families are concerned , there used to be just one person working and usually the other parent was home . Uh-huh . And now , uh , it 's pretty much an economic necessity of , for most , in most places for both parents to work . Do you think it 's an economic c- , necessity or do you think that we 're , we 're , uh , all trying to keep up with a certain standard of living ? I think that 's part of it too . But I do think , I mean do you think , people really need two cars and -- No , no . I do n't . -- a house in the suburbs or , No , 