and you think , where did I ever put that recipe . Right . But , uh , that 's mainly my , uh , whole idea on -- Uh-huh . -- you know , short subject , uh , reading and things like this . I , I subscribe , like I said , to a few and once in a while I buy that new magazine called FIRST on the newsstands -- Uh-huh . -- or something like that . But I kind of stay with my own subject matter what , uh , pertains to my daily life -- Right . -- at the present time . Well , since I work with computers during my work , I have to keep up on all the new computer equipment and software and everything . And I have to read the magazines , you know , such as BYTE , and COMPUTER WORLD and MAC WORLD and all of these , , uh , magazines such as that , so I really , you know , just , I can see that it will be a very long time , probably , before I subscribe to any magazines at home . Right . Well , sometimes , if , you know , if you 're in transportation , in public transportation -- Uh-huh . -- I know that people will read them on something like that . Right . But I think , and the idea is to , is and good , I can just dump them at the other end , and I do n't have to carry them back with me . That 's right . I do that when we travel . I always have my head with a magazine somewhere as we -- Uh-huh . -- drive or wherever we , no matter what it is , air travel or anything and I , Uh-huh . Right . If I , if I go on an airplane ride or something , I 'll stop in and pick up a , you know , a COSMOPOLITAN or something -- Right , al- , although now , -- to read on the airplane . But , uh , you know , that 's basically just about , I 'll buy a crossword puzzle magazine every now and then . That 's when you really have time . Now see your computer ones , I got into computer work somewhat , uh , we have our own computer system at home -- Uh-huh . -- and I tried , uh , reading the magazines hoping I would get more from it and it was just above my head without having someone there to give me the advice as I went along . Uh-huh . It was , you know , kind of a little bit more than what I needed , so I never did get into them . I , when I bought the computer , all of a sudden I was receiving them , for some unknown reason , through the mail . I think they all that- , thought , well , we have a live one . She 'll subscribe . Uh-huh . But they were wrong . I never got into them . But , but , Right . Okay ? All right , I guess we might as well end our conversation at this point . Okay . It was nice talking with you . It was nice to talk with you , too . Okay . Thank you . Uh-huh . Bye , now . Bye-bye . 