-- so it depends on your destination , too . Right . Kind of strange . You work for a big company , then . Work for T I . T I , I see . Uh-huh , which is how I heard about this . Uh-huh . Um , but yeah , I , I , uh , I do n't know , I would probably , if I were to buy a car mys- , you know , with the constraints of real money -- Uh-huh . -- I probably would , would go with something like , you know , like a Honda Accord . Uh-huh . Maybe it would , one thing I , I really liked about , about the Dodge Daytona is the fact that they have , uh , this seven year warranty . Oh , really . Um , and it really saved us some big money once . It did , huh . Yeah , they had a whole bunch of things that , that sort of broke at the same time -- Oh , my gosh . -- and the bill would have been over fifteen hundred dollars , and I had to pay twenty five for the , Oh , that was great . Yeah , it was . That 's unusual to hear , usually , you know something breaks , you look at the warranty and it 's excluded . Well , we , we bought the extended , the the extension -- Oh , I see , okay . -- and , uh , at the time we bought it it was like , you know , I do n't know , four hundred and twenty-five dollars or something extra . Oh , you got your money 's worth . Yeah , we did , but , you know , we really debated at the beginning , and -- Yeah . -- of course I 'm glad I did it . Yeah , that is good . But , um , we still have , we still have like , you know , coup- , three years left on it . Yeah , well , I 've been lucky . Mine has n't had any trouble except last week a shopping cart crashed into it -- Oh , no . -- but I was real lucky because it just hit the , um -- Bumper ? -- the lens to the light . Oh . It did n't actually dent the car or anything . So it cost me twenty-five bucks to replace -- Well , that was good . -- that , and -- Are you . -- the store will pay for it anyway , so . Uh-huh . No big deal . Um , if you were , if you were going to , uh , buy a new car would you buy another , uh , another Accord ? Um , I probably would n't , just because I already have one -- Uh-huh . -- but , you know , if I had to make the choice again , I , yeah , I , I 'm perfectly happy with what I decided -- Uh-huh . -- um , although we did just buy another car , 