this is not , these are n't cats , , you know , Yeah . this is gross . Yeah , no , that would be , what did they do , everyone come around and watch them . Yep . I mean , I guess that 's fine if you have a mouse problem at your frat house , Yeah , well , and your things destroyed the mice . But , Yeah , well , a cat will do the same trick . Let 's see , I had a pet rat , , for a while , and it was a live rat , and , um , this woman just offered it to me while I was in , in graduate school and , I had a friend in col- , she was actually a very fun pet . I had a friend in college who had a , um , had a pet rat for a while . Uh-huh . Um , I forget how she got it , but it was , um , it was the same kind of a deal I think she got it , I think she was a psych major and she got it from the psych department . Yeah , mine had been a , a , a how did this work , a mill rat had been bought and the people in the lab one day called in my friend and said , you know , this rat is acting really strange I think he 's sick , and she said , I do n't think he 's sick , I think she 's pregnant , . Whoops . And they had misclassed the sex of MUMBLEx back there and so , um , she asked me if I want to , one of those babies , and I took the baby and I got her when she was , you know , just this tiniest little thing like , Uh-huh . half the price of a mouse , and then she grew to be , you know , I had pictures of her when she would sit on my hand and then she grew to be pretty big , Uh-huh . you know , like a pound or something I do n't know how much , and I had her for over two years and she was very affectionate . She would , you know , crawl on me and she would sit like on my neck or my shoulder while I was working , Uh-huh . and things like that . Yeah , much more than you would think . Oh , yeah , I mean , you know , if you get them young and everything before they go , kind of nuts , so . Yeah and , Yeah , rats are not my favorite animals in the world , but I could see getting one from birth and everything . 