when you put them through college it just takes just about everything you got . Yeah . They get loans and grants and scholarships and stuff like that , that helps out , but still , it cost a lot . Oh , yeah , I mean , just the , you know , the cost of living and loans do n't pay for groceries and stuff . Right , and cars and all their books , and the books are outrageous . Oh , I know , I know . I mean , absolutely outrageous , and they 're getting worse . Uh , my daughter brought home a book the other day that she was going to have to have for her , one of her next classes and it was like ninety-six dollars . Gee . And this book is a little bitty skinny book . Yeah . I said my goodness , what is it , lined in gold , you know , uh . Yeah . But it is , it 's getting worse , and , if I 'd of probably had three or four children , I do n't see how we could have made it , you know , without me working . But that 's , that 's probably because , you know , if you had three , you , you know , would say , if I 'd of had four . I guess it 's always not , not being able to picture one more , but in essence you probably would have worked out fine . Right , but I think I would have had to work . Yeah . If I 'd of had that many , I 'd of had to work in order for my kids to , you know , even though he brings in a real good living and everything , in order for me to keep up , I would have had to work . Yeah . But I think it 's getting more and more like , when you have one child now , that 's it , you know , then you go to work and you work , Yeah . because if you have two or three kids , by the , e- , way the inflation 's going I think a woman 's always going to have to work and it 's just going to be an accepted thing . There is n't going to be any of this , you know , very few people will ever stay home . Yeah , and , and that 's all right with me , because I do n't want to stay home -- Yeah . -- you know , I think I 'm just part of tha- , the new stuff , that is just , I do n't know , I think I would just go nuts sitting at home all day long . Well you know , I ca n't imagine how I did , because now I work all the time , Yeah . and , um , well I work all week , and , um , I ca n't imagine how I stayed home . Yeah . You know , I think to myself , what did I do . And I think it just , it revolutionized an , where a woman thinks that a way , you know , just like , now my daughter , there 's no way that she can imagine herself married at the age that she 's at now . To her everything is , you 've got to go through college , you 've got to get a job , you know . And then when everything 's set up , then you look for somebody that you want to spend the rest of your life with , but . Right . I mean it is so far down the road , where , now when I graduated high school , That 's , you did , that 's what you did . the thing , uh-huh , 