Well I guess we 're , uh , forced to finally , to do a lot about air pollution . I hear that the major automobile manufacturers are looking at nonpolluting cars and low polluting fuels are being experimented with Ethanol and other types of fuels . Yeah , one of the things they asked me to ask you was where you thought the major source was coming from ? I , you know , I assume , Or sources . that the major sources are cars and factories . That 's what , But I , I would think . I do n't know for sure . I just know that , um , acid rain apparently is a big problem in Canada from , would comes over the border from us . Right . Yeah , I think the automobile definitely is an area and any , any industry that burns , you know , and then I do n't know about chemical pollution . I 'm not real into that as far as how it affects the air . I know we have a lot of chemical , the indoor type pollution . They have offices that are too well insulated . They found people are getting sick , Yeah . but I do n't know if that affects outside . You know , I , I think , seems to think , seems to me that 's what they were asking about was outside and the thing I can , the only thing I can think of would be cars and factories . Yeah , the smokestacks or the exhaust pipes . Yeah . Um , I guess there 's been a lot of pressure to , um , do away with the C F C 's in these spray bottles which , Right . has been a real problem . Yeah , that is , well that 's destroying the ozone , is n't it ? Again I , that 's what I hear and , and there 's this big debate apparently about whether the ozone , there 's a hole in the ozone or not but at last I heard it was , uh , discovered that the hole was bigger than they thought , Yeah , that 's wh- , initially . It 's kind of scary . Well , it is scary and I think it will , uh , continue to force us to clean up our act , Yeah . literally and figuratively . We 've got to learn to manage without destroying the environment . I think something too that you probably see in older states , all we , we do it down here once in a while we will have a cold spell is where people will use their fireplaces . I , I , I 'm wondering whether it 's going to get to the point where you ca n't , I think it will . 