Oh , that 's a , an ambulance or something going on here , I think . Okay . Where , I have n't ever noticed the thirty second warning actually . Where are you , and , uh , In Manhattan . Are you at home now ? Yeah , I 'm at home . So you 've got a lot of traffic noise real close . Uh-huh . So it 'd be interesting for the people that look at this signal I mean , because there 's a lot of background noise that , you know , people can hear . So it 'll be interesting how much of it actually gets picked up . Um , yeah , and often times that , I ca n't talk on th- , ca n't do this much later than now , between sort of like six , five thirty and six thirty or something like that , because the traffic outside , they honk the horn so loud I ca n't even hear the phone call . What time is it now where you are ? Uh , about twenty after four . So you 're an hour ahead of where I am . I 'm in Central -- Okay , yeah -- -- Central time zone . -- we 're Eastern . And , um , what did , did you ever try using like Prodigy or any of those systems ? No , I have n't done that . Uh , I know someone who has , and , and she 's , uh , very , uh , pleased with it . She told me some of the things you can do , and it 's just a , a very handy tool to have . Uh-huh . Yeah , and you can do a l- , it makes things very convenient . You can save a lot of money , too . Certainly cut down on long distance charges if you , if that 's what you have in mind . Uh-huh , yeah , I 've never tried using that , I do n't know too much about it . What about , have you , did you use commercially available software or , I have , I have used Lotus . I have used , uh , Word Perfect -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I , not heavy use . I 've used , uh , D Base and , uh , I 've used a substantial amount of shareware . Um , I have n't done much Lotus work connected with my job . I 've been through three classes -- Uh-huh . -- and I have a great deal of respect for it . Uh-huh . Um , I have n't done much word processing work with my job . I do some -- Uh-huh . -- and I , and the D Base work I 've done was strictly class related . I 've never used D Base , um , but I 've heard both good things and bad things about it . Well , it 's probably the granddaddy of most , uh , data base management systems . Uh-huh . It 's got some pretty strong competitors . Some of them have reviews that are better than D Base , so , I , I think by now , it 's a matter of , uh , personal taste . Yeah , people told me that it was sort of cumbersome to use . I can understand that very easily . I 've used , I 've had a class on , um , R Base and also in Paradox -- Uh-huh . -- and both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base . Uh-huh . Do you think you D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more . Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days ? Um , I would n't say compatible , but -- But , uh -- -- certainly comparable . -- yeah , I did n't mean compatible , I meant comparable . My brain is going to mush . Uh-huh . And what do you work on at T I ? I 'm a computer programmer -- Uh-huh . -- on the I B M main frames . 