and , That 's kind of MUMBLEx , and they encourage it . They encourage it ? Yeah . And , the police love it . Which really surprised me -- Um . -- and , and , I think , and that 's what they were going after , uh , they went to interview this town , I mean it 's a little dinky town , they went to interview them about the gun control laws and , uh , the police said , MUMBLEx all the people said , that 's fine we could care less . You know , we 're all honest , and everything like , Huh . that , we , we all carry them , but we , we do n't mind being checked . And , uh , and I think it kind of took that uh , neatness away from it , you know , like , well heck , everybody 's got one , you know and , I do n't know . I , So , it was , it was quite unusual to see the people in that town . That 's kind of an odd thing . I do n't know , I have a gun and , uh , my folks have always had . I learned to shoot when I was real little . Uh-huh . I think that 's a lot of it too , is that people need to teach their kids , Right . what not to , what to do and what not to do . Exactly . Because I started shooting , my Dad started letting me shoot like a little air B B gun , Uh-huh . when I was probably five or six years old . Yeah . But , you know , it was , this is how you hold it , this is the only place that you do it , which , was , Right . you know out far and away and you do n't ever touch it unless I 'm here , and you do n't -- That 's what we 're doing . -- you do n't point it at people , and then they had , then they went to the Texas Parks and Recreation , I guess , but anyway the s- , hunter safety program , Oh , yeah . that you have to do now . I think it started in about nineteen seventy . Oh . If you want , if you want to go deer hunting and your birthday 's after nineteen something , Uh-huh . fifty-five or something , then you have to attend one of these hunter safety courses -- Well , that 's neat . -- or you ca n't get a deer license . Well , that 's real neat . And it , and it , it 's basic stuff , it 's like , it 's do n't , you know , when you 're climbing over a barbed wire fence , do n't point , lean your gun against it , you know , Yeah . and then you crawl over it , Right . and shoot yourself . And , uh , Well , that 's real good . those things happen . It , it is always incredible to me the number of times those kind of stupid accidents happen to people . Right . Right . And they usually are real basic , Yeah , put the safety on the gun . common sense things . Do n't assume , always assume it 's loaded . That 's , that 's got to be the most common thing that people , I know and people do n't want to believe that . Yeah . 