within a couple of years ago anyway was the last I 've paid any attention to it . The three oh five was that , that , Uh-huh . V eight that they put in the , the three quarter and , and half ton van . And it had all the air pump and , uh , uh , Right . I do n't know , all that , all that stuff . Yeah the anti-smog pumps . And all the anti-smog stuff . And , uh , boy that was , uh , really a mess back under there under the , in that van . And all that stuff loads the motor down . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So it 's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things . But that 's one good thing I 've got a , uh , eight ninety , uh , Chevy Blazer now and it 's got one , uh , belt on it a serpentine belt . Oh , it 's that one that 's about , uh , what an inch and a half wide . Yeah . Got a bunch of groves in it . I have n't had to replace the thing yet . It looks like it would be , uh , better than having , I 've got an , an Olds Toronado that , I think 's got six belts on the sucker . Yeah . And I had to get all those off , you know , when I was replace that , uh , water pump . Yeah . And , uh , I had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where . Yeah , it 's kind of like the inside dual on a truck . You know , when one of them breaks , Oh man . it 's not the outside one , it 's , it 's the , it 's usually that power steering be- , or something that 's way back in there . You bet , everything else 's got to come off first . Everything 's got to come off . Well , it 's a pleasure meeting you . Yeah , and we 'll , uh , how many times have you done this now ? Is this , Uh , I 've got , uh , five stickers here from T I , so I guess I 've done probably , uh , I 'd say seven or eight of them . Yeah , I had n't , uh , had n't , not gotten any calls here in the last , uh , this is the first one in a week or so . Yeah , I have n't gotten any calls in two weeks , so I do n't know , if , if it 's tapering off , or what . If ta- , it 's winding down or what . I had a difficult time the past couple of times of getting , uh , answers . Finding a taker . So it sounds , it 's taken them ten , fifteen minutes at a time , so , people are either not , no- , maybe they 're burnt out or , yeah . Yeah , well . Anyway let you go . Thanks for talking . Okay , all right . Bye-bye . 