does not place a high priority on education -- Right . -- and , uh , the- , the main goal is making money now and it may be a survival thing -- Right . -- for the family , which you can understand . Sure . So , uh , But there can still be an attitude of -- Right . -- you know , this is a stopgap measure because we need it right now , but , but that the most important thing is still , you know -- Your education . -- getting your education . Well when they meant , said the , the topic , you know , of what 's wrong with the public schools , my , my first im- , impulse was it is n't really what 's wrong with the public , public schools . It 's what 's wrong with families . That 's right . It 's what 's wrong with families and if , if children come to school , yes , insecure and their mo- , biggest concern is survival -- Right . -- both at home , they do n't know what to expect at home . They do n't feel secure there , they do n't know what 's going to happen just out front of their apartment complex . Right . For example that child that was shot . Right . Uh , how can they concentrate on schooling ? I agree -- Right . -- with you , I think that 's the main problem . Yeah . And schools now are supposed to solve social problems , uh , mental and emotional problems -- Huh . -- as well as educate the kids and try to provide them with some security . Yeah . And that 's overwhelming . Well we 've got , uh , you know at our school we have over a thousand elementary kids and last year was the first year that we ever had more than one counselor . And that 's just really not enough . No . It is n't . And I was talking to somebody that teaches in a middle school and they said , oh , but we need more in the middle school because that 's when kids are , you know , at a tougher and rougher age and all that . But , you know , part of my feeling is that if you solve , help them to work through their problems while they 're littler , then they wo n't have as many problems up there . True . I think they , there has to be at least a counselor and we just recently had a counselor at elementary . We did n't even have counselors in elementary . Really . We have always , though , had three at middle schools because we had about a thousand kids and they divided them up between three counselors but for a good while every year they 'd have a different counselor and they decided that did n't work . Yeah . So they started , uh , dividing the kids up so that a counselor stays with her group of counselees -- Uh-huh . They -- -- through -- -- they do that here . -- you know , through all three years of middle school . Uh-huh . And I think that would give them more security in going to the counselor . 