Uh-huh . -- and we had everything paid for , and , uh , anyway , with the government , it 's not , uh , quite that nice a deal . Uh , but it 's , you know , it 's , it 's okay . What we have to do is , we have to pay , uh , about twenty percent of our , uh , uh , our costs and it 's deducted from our check each month and that sort of thing , and the plans that are available to us , uh , range from kind of mediocre to really sweet and , uh , so I , I think I 'm actually involved in a relatively good p- , plan at this point . Uh , but , uh , it could be better , that 's for sure , and , uh , but , you know -- Yeah . -- the- , there are other things that you get when you work for the government i- , uh , in , in terms of , uh , more relaxed atmosphere . It 's really nice to be , for me , anyway , to be able to work in , uh , a research atmosphere , uh , where I do n't have to , uh , uh , you know , worry about , uh , academics or anything like that , and , so I 'm , I 'm really kind of happy about that end of , of things . It 's , uh , Yeah , one of the things with my company is that they 've , uh , got a reputation for a lot of job security and , uh -- Uh-huh . -- there 's a lot of different things that they do , lot of different divisions even this area , in the San Francisco Bay Area that they do , so there 's , I , myself have moved around quite a bit within the company -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's , and I , and I have n't had to move my residence to do that . You know , I still live in San Jose and , Wow , that 's fabulous . Yeah it , You see , now that 's , that 's interesting , because I have a cousin whose husband works for Hewlett Packard -- Oh , yeah ? -- up in the Massachusetts area . Yeah . He , he lives in Andover -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , the work that he , he 's , uh , specifically an engineer and , and does work with , uh , the Hewlett Packard machines that do , uh , uh , sonographic imagining -- Right , right . -- and , uh , I 've been over to see his complex over there and it 's amazing . Uh-huh . It 's , it 's all ecologically designed and , and , uh , he seems really , really happy with the , the set up . Yeah , yeah . 