Oh , absolutely , -- because I , I think there 's , when you let other employees turn in people , There are so many people with , with their petty axes to grind -- Right . -- it could really get -- Right . -- out of hand . So , I , I , I would really rather know , however , there 's got to be some backup to say that if , if somebody does observe you at , say at a party , uh , using drugs -- Yeah . -- I would think that it would be their obligation to report that . To report it , and I guess you 'd report that to a supervisor , maybe -- Personnel , or something , -- anonymously or something -- Right . -- because I , I would feel very uncomfortable working with someone I knew was using either illegal drugs or abusing alcohol , I 'd just -- Right . -- I 'd feel really uncomfortable . Right . I do n't know what kind of work you do , but there , there would be , even be a situation where you were at a machine and working with somebody that was that way . Yeah , we have , we have a lot of people who work on the line . I 'm in accounting , so it would n't , you know -- Right . -- they could n't hurt me with their ten key or something , but out on the line , they 've got people working some -- Right . -- serious equipment . Right . So . It 's , it 's , I , I just think employers have to have , especially given today , the drug abuse that goes on , I just think employers have to have some kind of way to see that they 're not being put at -- Put at risk . I agree -- Because -- -- totally . -- they 're the ones who are going to have the lawsuits , the insurance claims , et cetera , and , and I 'm not sure but what some of the insurance claims are n't due to , uh , illnesses brought on by drug abuse or alcohol abuse . And in the long run , we 're all paying for that -- Right . -- so it , I mean , it protects us in the long run hopefully -- Right . -- when they do that . I , I was trying to remember , there was a court case , uh , here where I live , just a few months ago . The city workers , they wanted to , um , the city government wanted to institute the random drug testing -- Uh . -- and the city workers , uh , took them to court to protest , saying that it invaded their , I guess , first a- , the , the search and seizure amendment -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- and it 's still tied up in the legal channels . They have n't ruled on whether they can test them or not . Huh . So I 'm curious especially since T I -s -- To see how that 's , -- a local , you know , employer is also already doing it , seeing what they 'll say about it especially since , Is it , is it , uh , just a small group of the employees that are concerned ? Well , it 's the whole , it 's the whole city , seems like the whole group of city employees that 's raising a stink over it . They , they just do n't want to be drug tested . Yeah . So . You know , we 've never , my husband and I have never been in a situation where somebody said you have to be drug tested . Yeah . Uh , my husband 's retired from I R S agents . Uh-huh . However , this is n't a problem that we have -- Right . -- either alcohol or drug , and so , we , we , in our minds we 're thinking what 's the big deal . Yeah , that 's the way I looked at it . If I had something to hide , it 's one thing , but I 'm , 