I 'm not sure . Do you belong to a gun club or you ? He belonged to one awhile back . Uh , since we moved , we 've only been here in Texas for about a year -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we ca n't even find a place to shoot . Just for -- No kidding . -- target practice . I 'd love to get used to that shotgun . We traded his pistol for that shotgun . Huh . Well the , the , uh , clubs that we 've got around here are kind of expensive but , uh , it 's well worth it . You can go down and shoot up against a sand bag and some targets and have , uh , competition . Uh , I 've never really joined a club because I have n't got the time . Not because I have n't got the desire . Uh , there 's an annual membership fee , uh , that 's , that 's fairly high . Plus there 's ini- , an initiation fee that you have to pay because of first time , uh , uh , member . So the whole process can cost you a hundred fifty dollars to join the club . Plus you have to pay for the , the ammunition in any tournaments that you would join in . Yeah . Well , that 's what my husband , when he was in that gun club where he was doing that . It , you know , he went mostly just to , uh , shoot at paper targets . Uh-huh . Uh , but , you know , they used speed and accuracy and all that . I think that , that the gun clubs serve a useful purpose . In fact , I 'd like to see somehow they tie the legislation into not only when you buy a weapon you have to , uh , show that you 've gone to school or gone to some class to know how to handle that weapon . That 's a good , I 've never thought of that . That 's a good point . And , you know , it , it , even after you wait your nine days , if you do n't know how to handle it , it 's just like putting someone in an automobile that does n't know how to drive . And you give him a license because he waited nine days . Yeah . That 's , and , yeah . He could , he could not only , uh , uh , shoot himself . He could , he could , uh , mishandle a weapon . Leave it at home and let a child get at it . It , well we , uh , we was living on a navy base down in Memphis and , uh , this one guy decided to play , uh , lonesome cowboy or something . And he was twirling his gun around and shot himself in his foot . Wow . He was fortunate . He could , he could of hit something else . Well , he went tumbling down the steps along with , uh , shooting his foot almost off . He broke his leg and -- Wow . -- collar bone and a couple of other things I 'm sure , being , Mister Cowboy . I ca n't remember what the na- , the term was going around . It was about four or five years ago . But . Now , I guess that would be a good idea . About , uh , private citizens selling a weapons ? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me . 