but if it 's a salesperson , it 's just something you do n't want to have to mess with . And , and I 've gotten a lot of them lately , or I 'll , sometimes I come home from work and there 's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine and I 'm just assuming it 's probably a salesman that called during the day and , I was n't home , and they 'll probably call me up and , you know , call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on , but -- Uh-huh . -- I find that very annoying . The , uh , mail stuff , yeah , you know , it 's kind of irritating , but it 's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls . I think , I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner , I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity , you know , to talk -- -- and see what 's going on and all those things , even if friends call -- Uh-huh . -- it irritates me . Yeah . So I try to , I actually during that period of time from , you know , usually from six o'clock or six thirty , whenever I get home , until eight or so , I will shut off the phone -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , my daughter gets irate , Uh-huh . when I , when I do that because , you know , she 's a teenager -- Uh , oh . -- so she 'll , you know , I might get an important phone call , but , So tho- , I guess those three things are the , uh , uh , most irritating to me . Uh-huh . I agree with the phone , too , in that , I 'm single , but when I come home from work , there 's times I need to pay bills , I need to balance my checking account , I need to do all kinds of different things like that , and even though it 's friends calling , sometimes you just feel like , this is my quiet time , I need to get things done and the phone ringing bothers me , but that 's , that 's where answering machines are nice , because if it 's really important they 'll leave a message and I can call them back . That 's right . But , uh , at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in , sometimes it is just , I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it , it really does annoy me . And , uh , if I 've had a lot of phone calls during the day when occasionally when we have , uh , like this past week , we have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system , and , uh , phone rings like crazy and you come home and the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone . And if it 's some salesman , that just makes it even that much worse . And , uh , it just , I get to where I , I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone , but now with this thing I 'm participating in , I kind of have to answer it , because you never know if it 's the switchboard or if it 's , uh , you know , somebody calling that you really do n't want to talk on the phone . Well I have , now we have a , you know , voice mail system at , uh , at the office . Uh-huh . Now what I have done is , I have forwarded my home phone -- Uh-huh . -- to the answering service at the office -- Uh-huh . -- so that I do not have to have a , uh -- A ring at all . -- a ring at all . 