Oh , great . Yeah , and the guy around the corner is being transferred so he said , uh , well , he did comparables that it 's about eighty dollars , let 's see what , I do n't remember if he said it was sixty dollars a square foot , Well off the creek and eighty on the creek , Yeah . or , if it was eighty and a hundred . Probably eighty . I think it was sixty , eighty . Sixty , eighty . I think . Well because , I know our , our little house over here stuck in the middle of , you know , the subdivision is , I think fifty five , so , I think the high end is definitely , you know somewhere there . Well , try and think if it was a hundred dollars a square foot . No , it could not be , because this house has around thirty four hundred square feet , and it would never sell for three hundred forty thousand dollars . Yeah . Just never . Well . Now , maybe , you know , that 's pretty close to what it would have sold for , uh , brand new , or that 's pretty much what it was built for . It 's got an awful lot of nice things in it but , you know , I do n't think , I think it 's going to be a long time , if ever , when nice things and really quality construction and all the other additional amenities are really , uh , desirable . It 's seems like people go for square footage only now -- Yeah . -- and , uh , cause . Have you been back to the Perry Homes , back here ? Um , the ones that look like brick houses ? The one that looks like Monopoly apartments . Right . Yeah , I think those are awful . I 'm sorry , I just do n't see the designer 's , I just see him as trying to squish as much space , you know , as much house into the space as possible . They are huge when you are inside them . Yeah . They are very spacious . They are , you know , I was , MUMBLEx I was in one today . It was forty two hundred square feet . Uh . Yeah . Uh-huh . Well see that 's , the house that we got is small enough so my husband and I , because there 's just the two of us and the two cats , um , can yell at each other from one end to the other and be heard . And we thought that was important instead of getting swallowed up in something that you know . See , when you have kids , you like to be able to , Yeah , that 's true . send them some place where they can yell and you wo n't hear them . But , I have been watching these houses go up and I , I do n't , well , somebody was telling me , I know somebody who lives back there , I have always questioned the quality of construction and I , I do n't think they exceed more than twelve nails per house . Oh . When you watch them go up , you are just amazed that they do not fall over . Yeah . And it takes them something like , thirty days to complete a house . Oh , that 's amazing . Right now , in fact , even as we speak , we are having a deck put on in back , and these guys are phenomenal . They just , they , they are doing such a terrific job back there , I mean , you know , you pay for it too , but it 's , it 's like , really worth it . They are putting in a deck , Uh-huh . a redwood deck , 