And , uh , and , uh , M C I -s coming if , if , telemarketing is your bag . Uh-huh . Personally I 'd rather die a slow painful death but , Well , you in the , uh , computer operations or in the actual , uh , manufacturing ? Uh , I 'm a defense worker . I 'm , government tool control specialist . Right , yeah , that 's why I was in the Deseg down here in Plano also . Are you still employed ? Am I still employed by T I , no , I took a leave of , of T I back in November . Oh . Actually , December was my first month away from them . Exempt or MUMBLEx ? Exempt . Oh , yes . It , uh , unfortunately I guess for myself it was n't , uh , it was purely by my own choice . It was n't , uh , there was no incentive for myself to leave , but it was just an opportunity arose and decided to take it . Oh , so , you did n't even get the severance package . No . I should have taken the , the , the , you know , uh , option when that was there , but it was just , I missed it by a couple months . But , you know , what can one do . I 'm just happy still to have a job . So , are you happy with what you are doing now ? Yeah , I am kind of happy with it , it 's getting better all the time , I knew it would be different from the very beginning , but , you know , as you get to know more of the people that work there and more of what 's going on with the system , so I was in the computer operations it 's , uh , you know , it all starts to become similar there 's , you know , there 's benefits and there 's things that were n't as good , Yeah . but as an overall package , I 'd say I 'm pretty happy so far with the way it 's turned out . Good , good . Well , it has n't been a long time MUMBLEx T I or I , Uh-huh . I 'm significantly shaken by the situation , Right . but not devastated . Uh-huh . Well , the one thing I guess at least in your favor is the , the fact that , that is more in the support of the manufacturing and there 's lots and lots of companies that have maybe not in the de- , the defense area but manufacturing in general . To tell you the truth , I 'm , I 'm , I 'm not really worried . Uh-huh . That 's great . That 's good . And , and I seem rather happy about it most of the time , Uh-huh . 