Well considering what I 've seen in the last , uh , you know , two seasons , I 'm beginning to agree with that , yeah . But I mean , you do n't have to spend the big money , as far as I 'm concerned to , uh , to win . You just have to spend it if it 's necessary . Uh . In other words if you 've got a player on your team who 's helping your team , then keep him there . Do n't let him go away . Yeah . And I think that 's really what 's been hurting , uh , the , uh , Rangers . Well did n't Kansas City put up quite a bit of money for their -- Oh yeah , they , they spent more money , -- pitching staff . last year than any other team in the , in the league and they were , you know , toward the bottom of the league . Uh , so it 's like I said spending money does n't guarantee you , uh , winning a pennant . Yeah . It really does n't , so . Well and that , I think that 's maybe part of it that , that the , um , and it , you know , if I owned the team . I think you 'd like them to do well but the question of losing big , big money that what , did , did , did Steinbrenner actually make money on the , Uh , you got me . I , you know , I think that there 's coming to a point real soon when ticket prices are going to be to the point where the average fan ca n't go and once you do that , you lose everything , I mean . Well it 's , it , it , yeah , it 's a little bit like any other sport , you know . When it starts costing you fifty or a hundred dollars to go to a game -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , you know , I mean , I , I guess as we get older , i- , you 're probably going , if , if you , if you compare to go to a , a sport , a , a say you go to a rock concert , Uh-huh . or , or even a performance , a , an opera or the symphony or something , uh , if , you know , i- , but how , how often do you do that . Right . An I , I , I would , I would think baseball probably feeds on a number of people that can go out there , you know , several times a , That , that 's the whole point . There are so many games in , in a year that they 've got to have repeat customers . Yeah . They ca n't afford not to , and , you know , that 's one of the things that I think Saint Louis has done , um , I mean , their , you know , their ticket prices are , you know , kin- , I guess as high as anybody else 's but what , somehow or another they , attract , uh , so many people from , som- , I mean they 're a , it 's a small market and yet they attract as many if not more than most , uh , uh , most , other cities , so . Yeah , but do n't you think there 's a , there , there are older fans there . I , I do n't mean older , um , you know , the fact that , that it 's , it 's a better established and that the , the city is , is , is more , of a ... 