Yeah . Made the wrong , wrong career choice to get up into space . The , uh , uh , I used to think when I was , when I was younger that , uh , by this time we 'd have lots more in stuff in space than we do now . Uh-huh , uh-huh . Uh , frustrating at times . Uh-huh . I do n't know what you think about all that . Well , uh , yo- , I , uh , I 'm kind of young . I 'm only twenty-two and so , uh , uh , I 'm not , you know , there 's a lot that 's happened in my lifetime as far as , uh , you know , with the space shuttle and all . Although plans to , uh , go to other planets have somewhat been thwarted in comparison to , uh , the sixties . Uh-huh . Uh , although I have a , Yeah . -- and whatnot , it would be great -- -- if we could find some way to , to , uh , use that to boost the economy . Yeah . Well , the , uh , uh , I 've always , uh , felt that , uh , uh , one of the long-term solutions that , at least a few of our problems would be to have , uh , some sort of , uh , solar power satellites up . Uh-huh . Uh , because that 's a , uh , you know , in singularly renewable resource that does n't do it , that does n't require , uh , uh , any particularly nasty environment impact . Exactly . And you can just get as much power as you need up there . Uh-huh . It 's just a matter of how big you build it . Uh-huh . Uh , and , of course , the side effects of this is that you have to have , uh , lunar mining bases and space stations and easy transport into space and no MUMBLEx things that I think we should be doing . So the side effects of doing that which I think would be good , you know , very , very good for al- , for everyone in the long run is , uh , is it , some of the other things I 'd like to see happen would happen also , so I 'm , Right . Yeah . It seems like , uh , there 's , so you 're talking about positive side effects then . Yeah , right . Okay , I understand . Right . Sure , that makes a lot of sense . Right . The only problem is , of course , that , uh , that requires significant commitment -- Uh-huh . -- from people to actually decide they want to put things like that up there . Yeah . And they want to do the research and -- Yeah . -- uh , they 're all you know , nor- , 