she was from Saint Louis , and she had this fantastic , um , family effort in , in recycling , and she was dividing her colored glass and her plastics , Oh . and her aluminum , and I thought wow , I mean , how , one person is doing that , you know , but my , my thought was it 's a shame , I mean , it 's wonderful that she 's doing it and it , but would n't it be mu- , much nicer if we all did it , because her effort would have really , um , really , uh , been a good example for all of us . And yet , you know , and we were just sort of talking about it at the time . And here we are , you know , now we 're doing it on a , Doing it . city wide basis in , in communities . So it 's wonderful that we 've come that far , I think but , What did she do with , if , if she , was she like a group that was doing it , Um . or was she doing it on her own , and , I think she was , what did she do with the , I was trying to remember , it seems to me that she was doing it on her own , and living in Saint Louis , there were places where she could actually take her , Uh-huh . uh , things herself , uh , and so it was n't , you know , something that was being picked up or , um , and I think she was encouraging other people to do it if they would . But I remember her saying yes , I have a trash can for this and a trash can for that , and a trash can for the other thing , and I thought wow , that 's , that is wonderful , that somebody MUMBLEx does that . You , you have to really want to do it , though . Yeah . This is , even , even what you recycle , because we , we do the , the , plastics and the , Uh-huh . and the aluminum , Right . and the glass and the paper . Yes . And , um , and , of course , then , you know , you try to buy right too , Sure you do , uh-huh . Um , a lot of our neighbors say , well , what , you have to rinse out this and you have to make sure it 's that , Yeah . and you have to , it 's , uh , we , we had neighbors that complained when we got the new garbage cans . Uh-huh . Is n't that amazing ? And I thought what are you complaining about , Well , you know , 