It is a real different one . It 's , uh , it 's , it 's different . I guess I watch it more out of the uniqueness of it and the time that it comes on more than the fact that I have to see it . But , Have you seen the show , it 's , it 's new this year , called HOME FRONT ? No , I have n't watched that . Oh , it 's , it 's really good . It 's , uh , I think it 's on like Tuesday nights from ten to eleven -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's set in post World War Two times and it 's about how the servicemen come home and readjust to civilian life here and the changes everyone 's going through . It 's really interesting . Oh , yeah . It 's kind of like a s- , a nighttime soap opera type thing . Sounds neat . It is , it 's a good , it 's really well written . Yeah . Is that on , what chan- , what station ? Uh , I do n't even know , to tell you the truth . Oh , okay . What other shows do you like ? Uh , I prefer OPRAH WINFREY -- Oh , yeah . -- to DONAHUE . Well , she comes on later and I usually have kids around so I do n't end , end up -- Oh . -- watching that one is the only problem I have with it , I guess . I did watch soap operas , but I work full-time now and ca n't catch those anymore . Yeah . Except when I 'm home sick , and now when I watch them , I think , why did I ever watch those ? That 's right . They 're stupid . Yeah . So when I did watch them I was addicted to them every day . Uh-huh . But not anymore . That can happen . So do you know of any other shows in the even , or something that you enjoy ? Oh , uh , tonight I 'm looking forward to seeing GOLDEN GIRLS . Oh , that 's always fun . Yes , I like that show . Yeah . And if I can stay up late enough , I like to catch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE every now and then . Oh , uh-huh . And right now we 're watching a Penn State football game because that 's where we live . Oh , yeah . So , Uh-huh . It 's exciting , we 're winning , so that 's really exciting . Yeah , well , I think , I also , course , like to catch the news during the evening hours -- Uh-huh . -- but , uh , it 's a little tough because that 's when I 'm usually making dinner and the kids are wanting to talk all at the same time . So , usually I do n't get a whole lot of news watching in . Yes , we watch C N N in morning while we 're getting ready -- Uh-huh . -- for the day and eating breakfast . We 'll catch our news that way . Watch the weather channel so that we know what the weather 's going to be like . Yeah , yeah . So what have you seen interesting on OPRAH WINFREY lately ? Lately , I have n't been catching it because of my work schedule . Uh-huh . Uh , I ca n't remember the last time I saw it . It 's been a while . 