Um , I 've visited the Wyoming area . I 'm not sure exactly where DANCES WITH WOLVES was filmed . I think it was the black hills of South Dakota . Could be . I , n- , I have n't been to South Dakota . Have , have you been up to that ? Well , I lived in Omaha for five , Oh . winters , Okay . and that rolling kind of , uh , Terrain . Yeah . Is , is fairly famili , . The thing that I thought was interesting was that the critics , apparently it 's going to win everything . Really ? Uh , and I had been told , you know , you would n't notice that it was three hours long , and all this , That 's true . kind of , I agree with that . Um , I , I noticed yesterday in the paper , something said that it , I think it 's been nominated for twelve awards and , and all the critics initially said that , you know , it would n't go anywhere , that it was just going to be a dud . So , it , it has surprised everybody . Well , the interesting thing was is I had heard that , and I , I , I tend to , I think , overreact occasionally when somebody tells me it 's that great . And , and -- Uh-huh . -- it was , the thing is , it was , it was a good story . Right . And , and , and I guess that 's what I really like . Although , I must admit I did look at my watch after about an hour . Did you ? Yeah . Have you seen SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY ? No . I 've heard , I 've heard that 's really great , though . Y- , you have to go see that one . And how about SILENCE OF THE LAMB ? No , Go . You must really keep up . I do . I go every weekend . I , I , uh , those are two definite must see movies , I think . Well , is n't , is n't SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY , is n't that a , i , is it , is it a terror movie or is it just suspenseful ? It 's suspenseful . I do n't think it 's very t- , I mean , there 's not really any , uh , blood and guts in it or anything like that . It 's , it 's more suspense . Um , the other one , SILENCE OF THE LAMBS , is kind of a , a gory movie , if , if somebody 's not into that kind of stuff . It 's , it 's pretty graphic at points . But , uh , I think they 're both excellent movies . Do you , do you listen to Gary Cogill ? No . Huh-uh . Is , uh , do you know who he is ? Yeah . Somebody in South Carolina told me about him . He 's a , the movie critic . Um , oh , you 've , oh , okay . He 's a movie critic on channel eight in Dallas . Yeah . And he does , uh , he has a talk show on the , K L I F . Anyway , it 's on from seven to nine , or something . And , and , and people call in and it 's , if you keep up with movies , it 's kind of interesting . There 's a certain a mount of dribble that they do . They 've got , uh , they 've got a couple of kids , ten or twelve years old , and they call in and they review movies . But it 's , uh -- Oh . -- he , anyway , he , it 's interesting . You listen to him and then you , you go watch the movie . In fact , they had , people had just seen , I was listening Sunday night a little bit when , Uh-huh . 