Private organizations . -- conscious , yeah , communities and things like that , you know . Uh-huh . Like , uh , San Francisco has a , a real , uh , strong AIDS support group and all that kind of stuff and -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , get , they get donations from the community , you know , they 're real , Uh-huh . And from corporations around the , around the city , you know , for AIDS research and that kind of thing and , uh , I think there needs to be more of that sort of on a federal level , you know , rather than just in the places where it 's , you know , where it 's predominated so far , because it 's , you know it 's -- Uh-huh . -- bound to spread . I mean , it seems that , you know , it 's just , you know , of , it 's just going to reach a steady , a steady state a let , a lot , lot higher point than it will if we , you know , we 'd nip it in the bud to q , quote Barney Fife . Right . Yeah . I do n't know , I do n't know , I , I , I do n't know what the likelihood of that is , but , I mean , you know , people really waking up . Uh-huh . Especially with the ultra conservatives -- Uh-huh . -- move our , our political system s- , sort of seems to be taking . Uh-huh . I would probably agree with that . Yeah so , Uh , so do , do you think it 's more important to spend money on research or for support of , uh , people ? God , that 's a good question , Fish . I do n't know , uh , I think , I think one of the main things that 's really important to spend money on is education , not support or , or , research per se , but , but education because a lot of people sort of get drummed out of the work place and out of society , you know , kind of like lepers would -- Uh-huh . -- you know -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's really , it 's really not necessary , uh , until , until the , disease reaches its final stage , you know , becomes really infectious -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I think that would be the most effective support they could get is for other people to understand , you know , try to understand what they 're going through and everything and try to understand that -- Uh-huh . -- they 're not , you know , they do n't , they do n't have to be just completely cut off from , from the community -- Uh-huh . -- and that , and , uh , I do n't know , I guess I think that , that , uh , research is , I guess the most important , just because I , you know , it , it really needs to come to an end . Uh-huh . You know . I do n't know . I do n't know , Fish . What do you think about that subject ? I think it 's , I think it stands a really interesting question of , uh , 