Yeah , well , it 's similar problems but , uh , we just have the one check book and we try to keep it up to date as much as possible and occasionally we will get behind like you say but , uh , it does n't really seem to be too , too tight if we just remember to keep everything up , up to date and balanced . Uh-huh . Well , how to you handle that , the long range or medium range planning on finances ? Well , actually we have n't had to . Uh , until just recently . I guess we 've got a , a daughter who is eighteen months and another one on the way so -- Uh-huh . -- we needed to start doing more of that just for , uh , you know , saving for college and things like that . We tried a way , try to put away two and four thousand a year just for that . Yeah . Well that 's pretty good if you can do that . I know . I have a daughter who 's ten and we have n't really put much away for her college up to this point but , uh , we 're to the point now where our financial income is enough that we can consider putting some away -- Uh-huh . -- for college , so we are going to be starting a regular payroll deduction -- Um . -- in the fall and then the money that I will be making this summer we 'll be putting away for the college fund . Um . Sounds good . Yeah , I guess we 're , we 're just at the point , uh , my wife worked until we had a family and then , you know , now we 're just going on the one income so it 's -- Uh-huh . -- a lot more interesting trying to , uh , find some extra payroll deductions is probably the only way we will be able to , uh , do it . You know , kind of enforce the savings . Uh-huh . But , uh , it will be interesting to see MUMBLEx . Well our situation is just a little bit , kind of the opposite of that cause my wife was not working for some time and was going to school and just recently , uh , took on a full time job , well almost full time . Um . So , it 's only recently that we 've had the money where we could start putting away large sums of it for , uh , long range goals like college and sickness and -- Um . -- travel and that kind of thing . 