You know , this is like a cruelty joke , and I apologize if you 're a bird lover , but , uh , we had a parakeet . Uh-huh . And , my fault , put up our first electric fan . Uh-huh . And never thought about it . Knocked that parakeet right out of the air . Well , we had that happen once , um , my son had the bird back in his room , because it 's his bir- , well , the first one that we had was his bird , and I had a ceiling fan put up , and it , the bird got away from him one afternoon , and I mean that sucker hit that fan and went flying up against the wall , I thought , oh -- It killed him ? -- so much for the bird . No , he 's still alive and kicking . Oh , that 's , well , it killed ours , I 'll be darned . No , I guess we did n't have it high enough or he did n't get hit in just the right spot , but it threw him up against the wall , you know , and he slid down the wall . Well , speaking of pets , I 'll tell you , my , my kids are older now , my , both of them are either in or out of college , but , but we had for years , about five years I guess , had a , my son had a Burmese boa constrictor , and -- -- that thing grew to be seven and a half feet in , in length , and finally my wife , wife , bless her heart , got rid of it , because I did n't really like it . Oh , I hate them . We also had a , one year down in Florida on a vacation , for Father 's Day , my kids , years ago , maybe , uh , ten years ago , go , bought me a skunk from a exotic pet shop . It 'd be like , it 'd been like deactivated as far as -- Oh , my goodness . -- s- , s- , smell and everything , and we had that darn pet skunk for about five years , and , and my son left , went to school , we finally sold his boa constrictor , but my son needed some money , and we , we sold it for about two hundred and fifty dollars . You 're kidding . So , when the guy came over , he was infatuated by that skunk , so I made him a deal , I said , You take that skunk , and , he said , I 'll sell that snake to you for two fifty . I said , otherwise I 'm going to give it to this other man . So he took the skunk , too . And the skunk was a good , a decent pet , but , you know , does his little jobbies in the litter box , and is , is . Oh well , that 's pretty good . And it was sort of a neat , but , they just stink too much . Oh , yeah , oh , yeah . That was sort of fun , you know , I tell everyone this story because my wife is a real pet lover . I use to visualize my wife , MUMBLEx many times my wife would be lying there on the sofa , and this snake honestly would be stretched across the top of her body -- Oh , you 're kidding . -- and with his , with his head right on her neck -- Oh . -- and the skunk would be sitting at her feet , but the cat would be on the back of the sofa , and a dog would be running around crazy . Oh , my gosh . I can not ima , I just , I do n't , in fact my brother has a , uh , a exotic pet shop out in California , and he keeps threatening to send a snake through the mail , you know , I 'm going -- Oh , gosh . 