yeah . -- now , this needs to be do , this is the time this needs -- Uh-huh . -- to be done , but , And a lot of that is , is how it was drilled into you when you were a kid . That 's right . Which brings us back to the idea , you know , someone 's got to be there taking care of the kids to drill in these -- Uh-huh . -- you know , drill in the right ideas -- Yeah . -- to , so that they know that , uh , you know , male and female are both responsible for doing this -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh . And I think that 's , that 's going to show up a lot more now , in the , in the next generation of , of boys and girls . It 's not , they 're not going to , the boys in this next generation are not going to have to be told as much -- Uh-huh . -- this needs to be done , because mom was there saying -- Yeah . -- that dad is there , you know , you both got to , they were -- Um . -- both working at whatever things were , needed to be done . Uh-huh . They 're going to say to the kids -- Uh-huh . -- you need do this , because it needs to be done -- Yeah . -- not because it 's a woman 's job or a man 's job , but because it 's dirty -- Yeah . -- and it needs to be clean . But I think in between we got a group of kids , a generation of kids who did n't learn to take responsibility because mom left to go get a job and dad did n't move in to fill the gap . And so , basically no one was taking the responsibility -- And it 's going to , -- and I think that 's happened in a lot of cases . It 's going to , yeah , some kids are really having it . If they 'd been in day care the entire time and it was n't , yeah , the ones that are now getting to be teenagers and in some cases , young college . Uh-huh . Un , you know -- Yeah . -- some time day care is really good , but sometimes , it 's just , it 's baby-sitting . Yeah . It 's someone , you know , keeping an eye on the kids but the kids are basically doing what they want -- Yeah . -- and not really having any relationship with the adults to say , you know , here 's what 's right and here 's what wrong , 