 something along to eat , but then we 'd roast , roast marshmallows , and it , it was always an enjoyable experience . Uh , about nineteen eighty-two I moved from Rapid City in the Black Hills , I crossed the state to , to Aberdeen , and , uh , there 's no hills , it 's flat , and then I was in high school , and , uh , couple of friends , couple of my high school friends and I , we 'd go camping out by a river , of course , and , and go fishing , but by then , of course , I was able to catch , uh , catch some things , but , it , it was always fun . It was a different experience camping in the hills versus camping just by a river -- Uh-huh . -- you know , in the hills we , we would do like you di , you folks did , you folks did , would take the nature hikes and , you know , and look for animals , and we always , you know , in the hills , you can see quite a few different animals , but , Uh , Go ahead . We used to live in Utah -- Okay . -- and , uh , of course , there 's lots of mountains around there to camp in , and , and streams and stuff . That 's , that 's a great place to go camping , and the hiking is just really great . You know , hike up those mountains -- Sure . -- is just really fantastic . Um . Now is there anything , uh , are there any mountains or big rocks a person could hike around this area . I 'm not acquainted with any , you know , I , there 's woods and things out in East Texas -- Okay . -- Tyler area , you know , there 's a Tyler State Park that 's , uh , really a nice camping area , but it , it 's just a lot of trees , it 's not , I do n't know of any place in Texas that has , uh , really big , you know , what I call mountains . Uh-huh . I , The Rocky Mountains are so much , uh , bigger than anything that they 've -- Right . -- they 've got down here that , Is the one in Tyler , has it been pretty commercialized , I suppose ? No , it 's not , well , it 's not too bad . They have , um , screened in areas , you know , they 're not really cabins , I would n't say , I guess they could call them that , but they 're , they 're more just a screened in , uh , camping area -- Okay . -- whatever , they 're , they 're not bad . Helps , helps keep the , the pests out , I suppose . Yeah , yeah . Well , that sounds , I do n't know if I can rate camping , 