-- um , I just enjoy reading about the resorts and where you can go and , and new equipment that 's come out and so forth . Some fashions -- Oh . -- are always in there too . Uh-huh . So would this vacation you 're taking , did you receive information from your skiing magazine ? Probably not . Uh , we already knew we wanted to take one , and we just started looking around . I may have referred to a couple of them , but we went to the ski show and looked at all of the -- Oh . -- resort information , picked up a lot of brochures -- Oh . -- and just decided to go to Crested Butte . We have n't been there before . Um , that sounds nice . Kind of away from the crowd -- Uh-huh . -- is why we chose that one . It 's -- Oh . -- supposedly low lift lines . But I have n't skied Utah yet , but I want to . Oh , well , you need to come out . I 'd like to go to Sundance and Park City -- Uh-huh . -- and some of those . I understand Deer Valley is nice , too . Deer Valley , uh-huh . Yeah , they are , it 's wonderful snow . Well , how about you , what , what magazines do you have at home ? Uh , I am currently taking DECORATIVE WOODWORKING , and , uh , COUNTRY LIVING , and , let 's see , we do have NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC , and then we have some church magazines , but I really enjoy the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING . I 'm heavy into woodworking and tole painting and things like that , so -- Oh , okay . -- the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING has just been a great , great help . Does it have , uh , articles on how to do things -- Uh-huh . -- as well as equipment that you can buy and so forth ? Uh-huh , they do have , uh , mostly they have , uh , the ads on the equipment , but the whole magazine is just filled with , uh , pictures and projects that you can make yourself , and then it has all of the patterns and instructions that you would need to make a wood project , and , and then how to paint it with the tole paintings , and so , it 's really a fun one . I like that . Well , that 's good . It 's good to get use out of one . Uh-huh . 