so does Detroit , I mean , so does Chicago . So do , all three of them do , Oh , yeah . with Larry Bird back , uh , you can never count the Celtics out when Larry Bird 's , That 's true . starting to click on all cylinders . Uh-huh . They say he 's starting to do , starting to play , He 's , yeah but he 's been , yeah , but he 's been kind of up and down all year . Right . uh , one game and he 'll be playing to where everything he throws up goes in and then the next time he 'll , Right . you know , he ca n't seem to hit the side of a barn . So , I do n't know , Right . I 'm , I 'm kind of , I 'm not sure about him this year . Last I 've heard is that he 's starting to peak right now . Uh-huh . Well that 's when , He 's , you do it . starting to be more consistent , you know , right at the right time of the year . Yeah . Oh , any dark horses I , uh , you know , Well , the dark horses , San Antonio , Yeah that 's , San Antonio is the dark horse that could , could really flip in there , I think . Yeah . Well , anybody who has David Robinson , Yeah . has got to have a chance anyway . He 's got to be pretty much , you know , I use to say Akimo Lija was the dominant player , you know , when he , Uh-huh . against any team he would dominate , but Robinson 's getting up there where , That 's right . every game , he 's just , I mean , it looks like he 's going in for a dunk and they kind of just scoot out of his way or take a step back , you know , Uh-huh . nobody 's got enough beef , I guess , to challenge him when he 's , when he 's driving hard to the hoop . Huh . He 's , uh , he 's , too bad the Mavericks could n't get him . That 's true . With Roy Tarpley they 're in big trouble . Yeah . Well then , he 's gone now so , Yeah , for awhile anyway . they do n't have to worry about that . Well , I thought he was gone period . I , I did n't read the story , but I , I , read that , uh , I heard he was suspended . Well , that might have been what it was , Because of his , but I , I guess the headlines said something about him , you know , that the Mavericks released him or something , I , maybe I misunderstood what they meant . Um . If they did , they 'd still have to pay his contract . Well , yeah -- They may have done it . -- you never know . It was a lot of money . He was making like , Yeah but , 