Yeah , I , sort of weird for me to have had one too but there , it was a convenient little pet to have because it stayed in its cage and , you know , it was easy . Yeah . Easy to take care of and but , Yeah , I , I , I have friends with hamsters and gerbils and they , they tell me the same thing . Uh-huh . I just , again it gets into vivant much fun , , you know what , I guess they can be . I , Actually it was more fun than you would think . Yeah , starting from the beginning but , um , yeah , we live , also live in the city now , actually in Manhattan . Okay . And so it 's almost impossible to , it 's not fair to a pet to have a pet here , Right . or certainly , certainly not a dog , I mean , people do , Oh people , but it 's not , I do n't , oh , plus , I mean , the pooper scooper one New York , so , you know . Oh , yeah , you see all these people , yeah , these stately people , and well dressed people out walking their dogs with their plastic bag or their piece of paper for them , it 's really kind of funny . Yeah , uh , I was living in northern Jersey when that law came through , remember hearing all about it , Uh-huh . we were wondering if they , uh , they had any special law for the horses in Central Park . Right , no , they do n't . I should make you , Of course , not . they have , um , the bags behind them but I think they 're actually supposed to , Hit the bags . MUMBLEx keep them , yeah , keep them clean but , oh , gosh , I ca n't even walk by Central Park yeah when summertime , just the smell is so bad , Oh , God , I ca n't , of the horses . Have n't been up there , last time I was there was fall so probably was n't that bad . Oh , well , it 's not that long ago . It was , Not this past fall but I mean fall , Oh , twelve times , of the year . a few years , I mean , it w- , it was in the , yeah , it was almost like October of eighty-five , Uh-huh . I think was the last time I was up , up there and at Center Park . Yeah . Um , I had a friend who went to Colombia and I used to go up and visit her . Uh-huh . Um , so , Yeah , that 's not too far from were we live , do you have , you said you had two cats , are they , um , just what you call it , are they breed cats or anything or are they just , No , they 're just mutts , Uh-huh . yeah , 