touch my Daddy 's guns or something like that . Yeah . So , she 's real , she 's real good about it . And , she 's never been curious , Um . I mean , cause he 's always , you know , if he has them out , cleaning them , you know , she can be there and he 'll tell how he 's doing it or , you know , show her the insides or stuff like that . Yeah , if you make it where it 's not something , to be feared -- Curious , -- and , not something to be curious about and not something to be totally scared about . Right , exactly . If it , if it 's just one more piece of something , but they , but they 've got to understand , like you said , never touch it . Right , they 'd have that respect for what it does , Yeah . and what it can do . Ours is a , we have a shotgun , and it 's up in the closet , Uh-huh . and then the shells are in another part and it 's something to think about , and I got it because my husband used to travel , and be out , he was out of the country at one time for three months . Oh , yeah . And , I was like , I live in a nice neighborhood , but still , still . and then I 've got it so far , sometimes I think , I wonder if I , I 'm not about to load it because I , you know , I assume that the kids are not going to ever get up there , Uh-huh . and it 's in a case , and it 's , you know , it 's put up and it 's away and all that , Right . but , I do n't want to take the chance and , I think , if somebody ever does break in , He 's got to go to a lot of trouble . it 's going to take me a year to find the shells , Yeah . and then get it , hold on , hold on , Yeah . He 's in here somewhere , I know he is . Right . Yeah . Well , I know how to use one . We , we go hunting every once in a while and he showed me how to use his guns and I really enjoy it but , boy if someone did break in , I do n't , I do n't know that I could or would even grab it . I know , I , I used to think about that , it was a lot easier when I was , when I was single , it was one thing and when I was just married with no kids , Uh-huh . That 's true . when it was just me , it was an easy decision . Yeah . It was like , you , you come after me , you 're going to get it . 