they just said they thought it was , They did n't say what , they just said they thought acid rain 's contribution may be less than was previously suspected . Um , that it may be other natural things at work . Um , Uh , natural disease , Yeah , so it 's , it 's less than clear . Like I said , I do n't remember the article that well . Yeah , yeah . But , um , I do n't know , I mean , what do you think we can , uh , I guess as individuals or as a group , do about , uh , air pollution ? . Uh , we can demand , uh , more efficient automobiles for one thing . I still think that 's , that 's , uh , one of our major causes of pollutants . Uh-huh . Uh , how we go about that , it 's uh , uh , it 's a little bit difficult . I think it 's up to individuals too , to ask automakers for , Yeah , for less pollutant vehicles . Yeah , you ne , yo- , ne , I think you need a , a vehicle something like , uh , Ralph Nader , Nader 's Raiders , or , Yeah . where , uh , or , uh , uh , A A R P , which has a lot of members . Uh-huh . Uh , if you can get those types of groups . Do you really think that new vehicles though is a big problem . I mean , I remember reading an article that said like , it 's , uh , the older polluters , the , the twelve and fifteen year old cars , you know , contribute like ninety percent , Yeah , of the automobile pollution and the new cars it 's hardly is , hardly anything . Yeah , they 're better , but how about all the trucks and buses that are out there . Uh , when was the last time you saw a truck that did n't belch , smoke , or , uh , Yeah , but does n't that just mean they 're out of tune . Uh , I 'm not really sure . You think that , that , that the , uh , the trucking indus- , industry is that , uh , incompetent , that they would n't , you know , fuel is , is one of their biggest costs . Right . So , you would , But diesel engines . Yeah , diesel engines . It , you know , it 's , it , I mean , they do generate a lot of soot but that at least , that kind of particulate comes out of the air pretty quickly . Yeah . Yeah . We could also , uh , push for legislation for , uh , rapid transit systems . This country seems to be a little behind on that . Yeah . On the other hand most people do n't use rapid transit because it 's so inconvenient . Um , yeah , 