I do n't know . I grew up , uh , in the , the sixties , and at that time , uh , it was is a changing time for the whole music scene , I guess and I grew up with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and the whole pot culture during that time and went through that phase and kind of stayed with it I guess for several years after I graduated from college and , and thereafter but have since , uh , I grew up in a small town in , in southern Oklahoma I have kind of gone back to , uh , more of a county , uh , flavor in music . Um , I 'm not quite sure why that is and it seems like almost a opposite , but I guess I got away from what I consider to be the pot , uh , sounding music . It did n't have what , you know , I guess what I was looking for at the time country tells more of a , a story . It kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up and I 've , I 've become I guess more of a country fan over the years . When you say that you grew up , uh , in the sixties I take it that was the , uh , teenage type years or , uh , Yeah , that was my teenage years . I was born in fifty and , and , uh , Okay , we , we 're very similarly aged , so we probably have an in , interesting perspective on the music on the times , so I 'm just a couple years older than you , Yeah . um , essentially I was one of the nerdy types in high school really which meant that I , for one reason or another I did n't pay much attention to music , but as I look back now I realize it was very formative for me , uh , my early popular music interests were in Simon and Garfunkel , whom I saw perform when I was in college and I became attached to that style of , uh , urban , urban country if there is such a thing , Yeah . I think with , in a way one could talk about Simon and Garfunkel that way because they do tend , uh , to have a dramatic or story approach to their music , uh , usually tend to have some good or bad moral to it . Uh , over time I became very interested in , in baroque classical and I think that was just through experiencing contacting college and the fact that I found it , it very relaxing for me . My tastes now run I guess to a upbeat , uh , Simon , Yeah . it 's something that interests me , uh , combined with , with the classical tastes I had mentioned . And my classical music tends to be confined to the seventeen hundreds , early eighteen hundred music . I 'm not a music , um , MUMBLEx , I 'm not particularly schooled in it . I know what I like to listen to as far as classical music . And I , That 's kind of the way I am . I spent a good deal of time listening also to , uh , people from the late seventies , really , um , Neil Diamond , for instance . Um , people of , of that particular time , Uh-huh . I listen to some country and western but I 'm not sch , schooled in it and I , I 've enjoyed the times when I have listened to it . I played a little bit of piano . I continue to do that . I want to do it and I never have the discipline to stay with it , but when I do play , uh , and begin to reacquire skills I inevitably fall in love with country western music which tends to be in some ways easy to play for a , for a new piano player . It is , it 's got , uh , basically an easy , uh , rhythm and , and tone . Right . And it 's , it 's pretty , fairly well easily to uh , uh , something to fall into . I 'm kind of the say way , I , I 've gone through different periods of life , uh , in music from pop to classical . I guess one of the things was that influenced me was that I , I 've worked in radio stations as a D J for all my college years trying to support my way through there , and suppor- , was support , I was influenced by all different kinds of music but basically because that 's where I worked . And I 've developed a real love for , uh , classical music in , probably junior high and high school because my band instructor was , uh , heavy into classical type music . He said he used to sit on Saturday mornings and watch cartoons just to hear the music , uh , that they were using behind them because they used , especially Disney used a lot of classical music , uh , behind the cartoons and so consequently we wind up , wound up playing a lot of classical music there and I think that , uh , got deep seated into me . One of things I especially like now in music regardless of what kind it is , uh , are those that call on those classical , uh , roots , I guess , uh , Barry Manilow comes to mind for some reason there 's , there 's not a whole lot of his stuff that I 'm real crazy about , but he does have some things . 