but I agree with you , that probably is not what was comprehended . There are other -- Well , i- , -- things such as civil service -- Uh-huh . -- uh , which many people , uh , are lifelong employees of -- Right . -- but I suspect that was not what they had in mind either . More -- Yeah . -- of a voluntary kind of thing or , uh , Yeah , yeah i- , i- , for , for years there has been an idea batted around of having some sort of alternative , uh , public service for , uh , young people to go into , uh , after high school . Uh-huh . Uh , kind of in lieu of the draft for , for people who do n't , uh , who , you know , are conscientious objectors or do n't otherwise want e- , e- , to be in the military , you know . Say , okay , well you can go into the military or you can do this other thing for one or two years to kind of serve the community and , and learn about things . And i- , it 's interesting because I , I 'm not a particular fan of the military but I have seen a lot of people , a lot of young guys go in that do n't have really a clue as to what they want to do with their lives and are n't terribly disciplined , you know , even just personal discipline about what they want to do and they come out and they , they at least have , now they have at least some marginally marketable skills and more discipline . And they have , uh , you know , in , in some cases they have a greater self-esteem because they can say , they can see that , you know , if I do something or sub , submit my own will to the will of the sargent or whatever , at least for a short period of time , I can accomplish a lot and it , it 's a good lesson for a lot of young men to learn . That they do n't need to be , you know , cowboys . They do n't need to be out there and , uh , you know , constantly flaunting their ego to get things accomplished . And , you know , for some , for some young men , that 's good . For me , it would have been lousy i- , idea , uh , because -- Why ? -- I , I did have th- , the personal discipline . And I went -- Why is that ? -- to college for four years and got out , you know , so . But , uh , you know , for some people that 's good . I , I do n't particular like the fact that it 's the military , you know , MUMBLEx and the whole point of the military is to kill people essentially . As , as an instrument of U S policy . Oh , no , no , no . 