But , uh , Well , it takes a little brainwashing first . Well , I guess we 'll first have to get to used to the idea that we 're staying here . Yeah . That 's even harder . But , Are you , uh , transit usually ? I mean do you stay not in one place too long ? No , we 're just , this is only the second place we 've lived . We 've only been married for five and a half years . And , uh , we have two small children , and he had a , uh , just got transferred here to E-Systems , so . Well , it will take you a little while but you 'll probably always have a soft spot in your heart though for -- Oh . -- for Denver . Well , I tell you this , the weather here and there 's no mountains or anything , you know , and when you go to a football game in Colorado that 's , you know , there 's snow and it 's an adventure . And here , yeah -- Oh , I know . -- you 've just got to drive down to the , to the stadium and , uh , Well , if they close it in , see , we 'll have the best of both worlds then -- Yes . -- as they 're talking about doing . But , uh , Dan Reeves is a pretty neat guy anyway . Well , he 's from here . Yeah , that 's right , you know -- -- he was one of ours , one of our boys . That 's what I hear . So we are never , we never cheer against Denver unless they 're playing the Cowboys . Which is rare . Yeah . Which is good . Yeah . But , uh , I , you know , it 's funny in , in Colorado when the Broncos went to the Superbowl three times in the last , I do n't know , five or six years whatever it 's been . Um , they have these songs on the radio . They take moder , popular songs and , and change them to fit , uh , the Broncos and stuff . Uh-huh . And they had , I was just thinking about one the other day . Uh , if I saw a picture of John Elway in the , in the cafeteria at school , um , but they did the Johnny Angel . They did Johnny Elway to that . Johnny Elway . And , and I was trying to get my son to sing that . My husband was just having a fit do n't have him sing that song . But , they , they do a lot of fun things . I think football is , football is kind of a , a sport that I think you kind of , it 's hard not to like it . Because you know there 's just , Well , there is so much about it -- It 's exciting . -- to like . You know -- Yeah . -- it 's so exciting . And when the Cowboys won the Superbowl here , of course , they put together some real cute songs , and we all ran out and bought the records , and now we feel like they 're kind of a collector 's item . Yeah . Yeah , they probabl- , I , I wish I would have bought the tape when I was in , uh , Te- , in Colorado . 