Oh , okay . no I have n't pushed one yet . I just , Okay , but , I think it 's , I just started doing this so I do n't know too much about it . Okay , we 're just sort of getting acquainted here . Oh , okay . Um , you know , I , I just wanted to see if , you know , you had an opinion about this , or , you know . Uh-huh . Um , so , if that 's okay with you , then I 'll just press one . That will be fine . Okay . Well , hi , . Hi . Good morning . Um , I think I mean , if , if I start this I just wanted to say that , um , one of the things that I do n't think we really understood about the , the middle eastern situation is that they 're a totally different type of people than we are , and I mean they think differently and their idea of what is justice is totally different from ours . And , and right now , I , I think that that 's been proven in the fact that , um , they have just , well , anyway , I just think that , you know , the United States policy over there , I think we should just leave them alone . I really do . In , in a major way because they just , um , that whole region over there , I think needs to settle its own differences within itself . Yeah . And that 's the way , the course that they should go , I mean , you know , we can maybe help them a little bit , prompt them , but I do n't think this intervention at such high levels should be going on . The , the thing with Israel and Palestine , I believe that should be settled between them . And also , um , you know , the other thing is their idea , or our ide- , idea of democracy has nothing to do with them . I mean , tha- , I mean , I 'm talking about the whole middle ea- , and , and maybe this is too general , but I just believe that , um , they do not look at democracy the same way we do . They do n't understand it as we do n't understand the way they live . Yeah . And , so , you know , trying to put like a square peg in a round hole is just , you know , i- , I do n't think that that 's the way to go in this 