And I think probably it 's pretty important right there . How do you feel about Haitian immigration ? Uh , that 's one of the few things I guess I found myself in agreement with Pat Buchanan . I think they 're a very difficult group to integrate into , uh , society . They 're very difficult , uh , group to find jobs and , uh , and , uh , places for . And so , uh , uh , I do n't deny that we may have been involved in causing the problem that , uh , in that they 're pretty miserable where they are . But I 'm not to sympathetic about , uh , letting large numbers of Haitians in . Actually , actually I feel that if we accepted these people that we would eventually have almost the total population here . Yeah . And it would have nothing to do with political situations . It would have to do with poverty . Right . But if you let them , yeah . If you let them in a million at a time , it would n't make that , you know , it would n't make that big a bulge in the population . But -- Oh , my gosh . -- po- , politically and economically . Have you been , have you been to southern Florida ? Yeah , well I know about it . Uh , I mean it 's , it is now with Haitians the way it was with Cubans , uh , twenty years ago . Well , I mean and the two of them together . I mean we can , it 's just as well you know , it 's hardly America anymore . On the other hand , you know , the ironic thing about this is that there 's nobody more full of the entrepreneurial American spirit than our first generation immigrant . So there 's , uh , there 's a lot to be said for having a steady stream of people who know how it is someplace else coming in . But there 's some differences in the immigrants , that , that we 're getting now . Well -- Right . -- I particularly have a problem with the illegal immigration . Sure . I think , probably your , a great deal of what you say is true about the legals . Right . But , uh , the majority of the illegal immigration we 're getting now , they do not come here to blend into America . Uh , they , they do n't bother to learn our language and , uh , first of all , th- , they , I 'm sorry , this , I really feel strongly about this . Uh-huh . We send a lot of money to Mexico . Uh-huh . 