and , Yeah . What did you do when your kids were growing up ? Were you , Well , when , when the , uh , the first , uh , ten years , see first ten or twelve years , I stayed home . Uh-huh . And , uh , then after that I , I went to work . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , uh , a couple of times I just , uh , uh , you know , th- , then I had one job and then that job ran out because it was kind of a government seeded type job . And then , and then like about , later I , I tried to get the baby to a baby-sitter . Supposed to be good , uh , recommended person from the church and I knew her personally . She had two kids of her own and everything . But I quit my job because I could n't stand how she was taking care of my child . Uh-huh . I mean , first of all , uh , her children were sick all the time . So when my son stayed over there , he got sick . He got sick , yeah . Same thing , same thing that the , her kids had , right ? Right . Well , And so , uh , we did n't take her over there until like about eleven o'clock . Then he , she 'd take my son and her daughter over t- , to kindergarten . But s- , that day , uh , I was saying now he , he 's sick . And she goes well , she goes , he has the same thing that all my kids have . That 's what he got , you know . Goes , well , okay , so it 's not like he 's going to infect her kids . But then what happened was , is , I said , uh , he just threw up and kindergarten starts at eleven thirty so she said well she 'll keep him home and he 'll probably just sleep anyway . Well , you know , what that woman sent her , sent him to kindergarten . She sent him to kindergarten . As soon as he went there , the teacher took one look at him and he threw up again and they put him in the nursery , uh , they put him in the nurse 's office . Guess so , yeah . And then what happened was , is , you know , they gave her a call because they knew that she was my baby-sitter . Called her and they said , uh , that he 's sick . Well she was n't home . Huh . I mean her , all her kids were sick but she was n't home , right . And her , and her , her daughter that was in kindergarten with him also did not go to school because she was sick . Now why did n't he , why did n't she keep him home with her ? No , she did n't do that . So , it got to the point where he 's , he 's supposed to get out of , uh , kindergarten like about two thirty . And I had to leave work . 