-- left a fitting loose , or -- Yes . -- did n't use teflon tape on one of them or something like that . Right . But it all came together , so I , I felt pretty fortunate about that . All worked out all right , huh . How about you ? Well , um , well probably the last thing I did was , uh , paint and wallpaper kids room -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I learned to , I used the wrong kind of paint . This was n't , must have not been a very good quality , because it just has n't stood up very well . What kind of paint ? It was a latex paint , paint , it was flat -- Uh-huh . -- and I wonder if maybe I should have used a gloss . Uh , but they say you ought to use your gloss mainly in your -- -- kitchens , and things like that . Yeah , that , and semigloss for trim work , and usually flat for walls . Yeah , but I think maybe , uh , I do n't know if it was just the . Was it not washable paint ? Well , it , it is a latex paint , but it just kind of is , is , so , you know , so it 's supposed to wash , you 're supposed to be able to wash it -- Uh-huh . -- but it , um , just looks dingy . I do n't know how else to explain it . What color is it ? It 's pink . Pink , okay . It 's kind of got , uh , oh , just kind of a worn look to it . I do n't know even how to say , just did n't turn out quite as nice as I would have liked but , Did you , uh , require more than one can of paint ? I , we put two coats on it , and it 's a small room , but I think it only took one , uh , can . You did n't have to mix paint then , right . No . Okay . We did , uh , oh , you do mix the color as far as you start with , uh , white and -- Uh-huh . -- then they add the color . Yeah . You know what I 'm saying but , Yeah . But you only had one can of paint that you -- Yes . -- did the entire room with . Right . And then I wall papered a couple of walls , and , uh . How 'd that go ? Well , that was the first time I 've ever wallpapered , and , uh , Kind of fun , is n't it . That 's an education in itself . Really . But , uh , the dye lots , uh , must have been a little bit different from , first of all it takes quite a few rolls , even a small room , if you 're trying to match a design . Repeating patterns is what you have to check for -- Yes . 