Well , Steve , did you go to college ? Yeah . In fact , I 'm still going . Oh , that 's good . So you probably could give some great advice . Uh , well , I do n't know about that , but I , in fact , I 'm in the process of trying to choose a P H D school . Uh-huh . Well , what 's your ca- , what 's your interest , your , uh , Uh , well , computer science and cognitive science . Uh-huh . So , That , that 's similar to what , I 'm in a P H D program right now . Oh , I see . And , uh , my area of expertise , it 's information systems , which is a little bit less technical , I think , than , uh , than computer science . But my area of expertise is , uh , uh , human computer interaction . Oh , yeah . And I think that 's one reason why I 'm part of this study , uh , because it 's of , I 'm working with voice systems . Yeah . Yeah . So , so , good luck . I guess we should talk about giving advice , though . Wh , what , what type of advice do you think you 'd give to a , a parent ? To a parent ? Yeah . Well , you know , the thing is , when you 're a kid -- Uh-huh . -- and the kid at that age , especially if they 're going into undergraduate , it seems like they think they know what they want . Yeah . An , and , I mean , choosing from my experience , you know , I thought , you know , my , I know what I want a lot more than my parents know what I want . Uh-huh . But , uh , I do n't know , at the same time , you have to decide what is important about the school , you know , the size of it or , Yeah . I think that 's more important probably than even the career vocation , because most people change . Yeah . I kn , I know very few people that , uh , started in one field and stayed with it . You know , they , I think that 's what you just said , you know , having to do more with the size of the school , the environment of the school , uh , I think that 's much more important . I , I think I 'd , I 'd advise a parent to send a kid to a school , though , that has a number of different types of programs , you know , that , uh , some of the smaller schools might be very limited in what they can offer , but some of the , uh , the small , some of the larger small schools , you know , I guess around three or four thousand students -- Yeah . -- have a , can offer a broader range of curriculums and things , so if the kid does change , they do n't have to transfer , or they do n't have to , uh , uh , I do n't know , they do n't have to give up years of , you know , of credit transfer and things . Yeah . That 's disruptive . Yeah . I normally , 