Really ? And , uh , but I -- Yeah , I like to fish . -- but I did enjoy owning a boat , would recommend it to anybody . And , uh , uh , , but , uh , and now sailing , I 've never been sailing . Have you been sailing ? Uh , yeah , I 've sailed some . I just like , uh , fourteen foot Sunfish . Uh-huh . Nothing big . I 've never tried . I 've always thought , I bet that would be more fun . But I 'd want to be with a skilled sailor . Yeah , really . But it , Well , they offer classes out at , uh , Ray Hubbard . Yeah , well , I , I 've always thought I 'd like to . I 've never wanted to bad enough to make any effort to do it , you know . Yeah . And , at this stage of the game , I 'm not that interested in it anymore . Oh , okay . We go out with friends on the , we go to the lake just about every weekend down at Mount Vernon and -- Okay . -- parents ' next door neighbors have a big barge and we go out and take them out on their barge . They 're getting kind of old and they like us to take them out on their barge quite often , so we -- Oh , that 's nice . -- we get out on the water occasionally , you know . Yeah . But , uh , uh , anyway , it 's , it 's , it 's fun . I , I do enjoy the lake , but , uh , once the children were grown , and we 'd go down there and I 'd get the boat out on the , you know , Saturday , and we 'd go for a ride and enjoy it so much . It 's such a pretty lake down there . We 'd enjoy it so much and , I 'd say , well , I 'm going to leave the boat out , because , uh , we 'll probably do this again tomorrow . It got to where the , tomorrow the boat was still sitting there and we never did go out again and I 'd have to go load it up the next day . And , Where is that ? Uh , Mount Vernon . Yeah . Cypress Springs , Cypress Cr- , Creek Springs . Okay , that 's south of here ? Yeah , it 's down at Mount Vernon . Okay . It 's probably the prettiest lake in the state of Texas . Really ? Yeah , it 's just a hundred miles from here . Huh . What do you take , I Thirty-five ? No , you go down I , uh , uh , you , uh , you go down , uh , yeah , thirty , thirty . Thirty . It 's east of here . Oh , okay . East of here . Hundred miles due east of here . All right . And , uh , Yeah , it just , we just moved down here a couple years ago , so , Did you ? Where did you all move from ? Colorado Springs . Oh , did you ? Yeah . How are you liking it ? 