Oh , did you return it ? No , I had moved away . No , uh-huh . I had taken the first one back . I did n't think that it heated well enough . It never did get anything but just moderately warm , took it back and , uh , the people told me well that 's the way it 's supposed to be and I fell for it and , uh , when I got this one it did , a lit , it heated a little bit warmer and then after one year it started heating only on one side . Huh , so either you or your husband can be warm but not both . Also , I took an iron back after having it only one year . Oh . Now I figure th- , uh , anybody that is dumb enough to iron , needs to have an iron that will last a long time , and one year of ironing only once a week is not long enough for it to last . No , huh-uh . Did they replace it ? Well without even any question , but I think it was the store . Uh-huh . Wal-Mart . Wal-Mart , I was going to say , it must have been Wal-Mart . Yes . And , uh , well , have you been buying any clothes lately ? Any new clothes ? I have n't bought any new clo- , well the last thing I bought was a dress last Summer . And the buttons turned on it ove- , over the winter . The buttons tarnished slightly and I have not gone back about it . That was poor quality , I think . I think it is too , and it was an expensive dress . I wondered if it were n't expensive , Yes it was . and they should have put buttons on it that would last forever . That 's right , that 's what I think too . And one belt loop , the wo- , uh , you know , like the chain link , chain belt loop -- Yes . -- half of it raveled out . And that was , I believe a Leslie Faye dress and it was , I think , over a hundred dollars . You spent that much on your dresses ? Yeah , I do n't usually , but I did that one . You 're really divulging very personal information . But I think it should have been better than that , for that money , is what I mean . Oh , of course , I do too . Well I believe that we 've been talking about five minutes . Okay , 