Hi . Hi , um , okay what , now , uh , what particularly , particularly what kind of music do you like ? Well , I mostly listen to popular music . I , uh , listen to it all the time in , in my car , so , I , I tend to be one of those people who switches stations a lot because I do n't like commercials . But , Yeah . uh , I find myself listening to popular music , and , uh , quite honestly , I , I have some little children and I , unfortunately , found myself listening to a lot of nursery rhyme music here lately , but that 's not by my choice . Oh , really . How about you ? Well , um , I do n't have that , I do n't have that , experience to share . Lucky you . I , I do , I do listen to a lot of , you know , I do , I switch the stations a lot because I do n't have a cassette player in my car . Um , um . Uh-huh . Uh , uh , however , I , I do , I do like a lot of different forms of music so I switch quite often . Um , I think I like , I , I 'm really particular about the type of music that I listen to . Uh-huh . But , the , uh , there 's such a wide selection , I think I like a lot , I like a little bit of a lot of different types of music . You know , I , I , I like music that is , that I feel if it is performed correctly or if it 's done right , or if the version is done right , I like it , Yeah . but , if , if it 's not , then I wo n't . I , I really do n't , How do you feel about rap music ? Rap . It seems to be so popular these days . Yeah . Well , I , I do n't really have anything against rap music . I , the one thing I do object to about rap music is , is when it becomes militant , Uh-huh . or , if it 's , uh , violence oriented . Right . I , I have strong objections to that . Um , actually I listen to , one time I remember , this was back when , even , uh , I would say about ten or fifteen years ago I , When it was really just starting . Yeah , right when it was just starting , Yeah . I heard what was called talking blues , Uh-huh . which actually is rap . Uh-huh . And , uh , it was about , the , the piece of music , the piece of music was about , I think about forty or fifty years old . And , it was incredible , I mean , the parallel , you know , between it and rap . Right . And , um , you , you listen a lot , if you , if you hear a lot of old gospel , uh , uh , especially well , the black gospel . 