Okay well , There we are . All right . Um , um , well , uh , tell me about the car that you 've got . Well , I have a Honda , um , hatchback , nineteen eighty-four . Uh-huh . And I had a hatchback , a nineteen seventy-eight version before this one . Uh-huh . And , uh , I 'll be honest with you . I have never found any automobile that has been more conscientiously constructed and , and , uh , put together and it , it does its job . All I have to do on my Honda is change the oil and the filter every thirty-five hundred miles , and I , I did have to put two , two new front tires on at fifty thousand miles , but that car just purrs like the day it was built . I get forty-two miles per gallon on the highway and uh , twen- , twenty-eight to thirty driving around in town . It 's a five speed straight stick machine . Uh-huh . And , I can carry more in that , uh , that trunk area in my little Honda than I can in the big cars , and I have a large , um , Pontiac , and I have a sixty-nine Cougar , which really is , I 'm saving because it 's , it 's old , but it 's in beautiful shape . Uh-huh . But I can carry as much in my Honda or more than I can in , in those other bigger cars . Well , that 's very interesting . I 've had , I 've had exactly the same experience with the one that I 've got . It 's a , and surprisingly it 's also an eighty-four -- Oh , oh . -- and , uh , L X ? Yeah , I 'm still here . Um , I 'm sorry what ? It was an L X ? Yes , it 's an L X , it 's not a hatchback , but it 's , um , it 's , uh , Uh-huh , yours is a four door . Four door , yeah -- Uh-huh . -- and very , very comfortable car . Big roomy trunk -- Yeah . -- uh , and , uh , and very happy with it , and I must admit it 's , you know , if , if , if , uh , my only consideration were , were , you know , buying another car just to tool around town in and make , you know , brief trips and things like that , I would very , very seriously consider buying one . Uh , I think they 're extraordinarily reliable cars . Yes , 