Here goes Sharon . Okay . Well , what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars ? That 's the only thing I found out tonight . Oh , you found that out tonight ? Yeah . I have n't even heard that , that 's great . I think he deserves every penny of it . Yeah . But , there are some others out there that I do n't believe deserve the money they 're getting . Well , is n't it funny how baseball 's getting less than like football players would . Oh , yeah . Wonder because football , And they play a lot , they play a lot longer season , too . And a lot more games , right ? Yeah , that 's exactly right . Uh-huh . But I think , let 's see , the teams that were there last year were , see , somebody from California , I do n't even know who won the pennant last year . Beats me . I mean , I know Yankees have won a lot games . Yeah . through the years . Not lately though . We have been talking about this , I tried to call earlier , Uh-huh . and we had made a list of all these , uh , baseball teams and the cities that they were from , MUMBLEx then I started cleaning and I do n't even know where I even put that paper . Threw it away . Yeah . I was just cleaning and throwing , Oh , gosh . Let 's see . The teams that , I think the A 's were in it last year . The Oakland A 's , and I think it was , I do n't think it was an all California baseball . Well , have you ever played baseball ? I played softball . Well , that 's what I did when I was growing up . Yeah . That was fun . Yeah , that 's fun . That 's a whole different sport . Uh-huh . Yeah , let 's see , but I think , I think the Rangers need to go and I think the Pirates will go . And , uh , let 's see , Rangers have got a new guy this year , I do n't even remember his name either . Do you ever go see the Rangers ? Every once in a while I , I like to go on the nights when there 's not anybody out there , not very many people out there . It 's a lot more fun when you 're not fighting a crowd . Yeah . I think it 's fun , I like just looking at the billboards . Yeah . B- , sometimes when I , if you go out there during the day , you just fry under the sun . Yeah , it 's nice at night . Yeah . That 's when I 've been . It is . Well , And do you know anything about that new stadium , have you seen all those pictures that they 're going to put out there ? No . Yeah , that , that huge it 's suppose to be a huge stadium and it 's going to have little shopping centers in it and little like a lake or something running through it . And , uh , they 're going to try to make it a real community center out there . Cou- , And you 're going to be able to buy your , 