Uh-huh . Uh , and I , what I would like to see happen futuristically , Uh-huh . is what we are discussing , Uh-huh . is that yes , uh , we each have our , uh , jobs in life , Uh-huh . and that we should recognize that . And that we should support each other . Uh-huh . And , uh , I think our problems would be fewer , Uh-huh . if we supported each other . Uh-huh . And just looked at each other as equals and none lesser , because we are equal . Men have a lot of trouble with that though . Uh-huh . They , in their , in their own peer relationships , they do not treat themselves equal , and so it 's really difficult for them to treat women as equals . They are , they are really much more comfortable with somebody being the boss and somebody being the follower . Uh , it just seems that , it seems , it seems that they are more comfortable that way . And I do not know if that 's , I mean , that 's , it 's a militaristic point of view I guess , you know , somebody can not be colonel and everybody else is infantry , but it 's just really interesting to me . I am married to a wonderful man , you know , who treats me very , you know , with a , with as , I think probably is as enlightened as anyone can be at this particular stage in their life time . But , when he gets angry , it 's always over control issues , it 's always over power issues , it 's never over , you know , it 's always , you said you were going to do something and you did not do it . As if he is the boss and I am the , you know , and I am the slave . uh-huh . And it , those are the only , only issues we ever fight about . I think it 's just , I think it 's just difficult for men to , uh , to accept women equally , even if they want to , they are more comfortable when somebody is the boss . Uh , dictator , dictatorships are real efficient . Well , I guess we would have to go back to the way that the Lord made us . Um . And , uh , the women when they are married , they are to be subjective to their husbands . Um . And I believe that strongly . Um . And , uh , but I think that they should be in harmony with what they are , with what the subject matter is . Um . And I think the issue should be settled before there 's a conflict . Huh . Uh , and I think that can happen in a very won , wonderful way . Huh . And if we , men and women , would do as the Bible said , that we would esteem each other higher than ourselves . Uh-huh . Can you picture that ? Uh-huh . I mean , if your husband did that to you , Uh-huh . and you did that to your husband , Uh-huh . you would always be trying to please each other and not yourself . Yeah , it 's true . And , uh , that 's really the , the divine answer , Uh-huh . and , and the right answer . Uh-huh . So , uh , uh , that would be a beautiful relationship . Uh-huh , it would be . And I think there are some people that have done that , Uh-huh . and I have seen it . Uh-huh . And it 's , it 's just marvelous , and I am just in awe to see this , 