and not many things you can play that 'll , you know , people will sit there and sing along to and you ca n't sing along either so , but , uh , I like a lot , uh , I like classical music just because of the , when , I , I do n't play , I like jazz music but , Oh , so do I . What 's that ? Forgot about that . What 's that ? I said so do I , I forgot about jazz . Yeah , I like a lot , like , I like , uh , is it the New Age music , like with , uh , uh , the , I do n't know if you 've heard Neurotic Collection . Yes , we 've got about five of those . I love them . Yeah , I love those , too . They 're just so relaxing . Uh-huh . I 'd never heard them before until I went in a music store and you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it -- Yeah . -- and I just , I heard a piece and it was just so wonderful . Yeah . And then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it . Is n't that nice . I mean it 's nice when you have a piece that , that is so , so peaceful , Yeah . that everybody likes , you know , and , uh , it , it , it , it , you know , it has pieces that are uplifting , but , it , it 's mostly relaxing and you do n't , because it does n't have words , you know , you do n't feel like , there 's anything you have to remember , you know , as far as singing a song or something like that or interpreting what they mean or , but , uh , I mean you can just sit , you know those little booklets that come along with it -- Yeah . -- and you can just see the things that they 're trying to show with music . Yeah . My , my little boy has gotten so into it that he 's identified the , the people that have written certain songs , then he buys the pieces that have that person . Yeah . You know , on it . Oh , I see what you 're saying . Huh ? Yeah . I mean , I do n't even know who did which ones , but he does . I , I ca n't identify them either . I just like them . I could , I know which ones come next , but I do n't even know their names . Most of them I do n't know their names of the song , but I , I can identify them . But I like that and I like , uh , course I , I like classical music . Yeah . And , uh , Were you in the band ? I was in the band , yeah -- So was I . -- and I was in , like , chamber music groups and stuff , so I 'm used to pieces and , and I played classical flute , I did n't play , play jazz flute or anything like that , so . I c- , I can relate to it , I suppose . But , uh , and I like , I 'm like you I like the older stuff , too , because I like Chicago -- Yeah . -- and I like , I like , uh , , uh , let me think who , uh , you do n't know Hebert Laws , but Hebert Laws a flute player , he 's a jazz flute player and I like , uh , uh , Chuck Mangione , do you know who Chuck Mangione is ? Yeah . Yeah , I like Chuck Mangione . Trying to think of all , uh , oh , what 's his name , plays the trumpet . I like the Moody Blues . Yeah . Did you like them ? Yeah , I like Moody Blues . I , I like mostly the older groups I think . Oh , c- , but we do have , I like Simply Red , we got Simply Red . I figure all our C Ds that we have what I really like . And , uh , I like Breeze , I like the group . I think just because they all sort of sound , they sound l- , a lot like r- , uh , Simply Red . So what type , Simply Red , I 've never heard of that . Uh . Is it just instrumental ? 