and that 's where I grew up , Oh , So I was used to the heat , out here right now , Yeah . Gosh , it gets to about seventies , high seventies and it gets very cold at night . Uh-huh . And Monterey it 's , um , right on the coast . And , I do n't know if you 're familiar with California coastline , but we 're we 're about two hours , about a two hour drive south of San Francisco , Oh , okay . And it 's , uh , really nice . It 's a big area for people to come from the different , uh , countries , mostly like Japan , Germany and England . And they usually go to Carmel and vacation on the beaches , so it 's , it 's pretty nice , uh , year round . But , uh , cool , always cool in the evenings . And warm , warm in the Summer , but it 's stays pretty cold even , uh , during the Winter , for as nice as it is . Uh-huh . And , um , we usually get a fog . Uh , right about , I guess , about four o'clock and it kind of rolls in over the coast . And , uh , then it usually breaks back off again the next morning . And if you go just a little bit ways in , I 'd say about a fifteen minute drive in towards Salinas , Uh-huh . uh , the weather completely changes and it gets very hot and dry and the fog never makes it that far . Uh-huh . But along here it 's , uh , very , very different from the Texas type weather . What 's it like down there ? Well , right now we 're we 're having the little bit of Spring that we have . Oh , really , well at least you 've got some . We do n't have many seasons here . It goes from Winter to Summer , usually . Uh-huh . Spring usually consists of a lot of rain . Especially thunderstorms . We 've got , we had one of those blow through tonight . Oh , well , that 's good . And I think we got the same thing in the forecast for the next two or three days . Uh-huh . So . Have y'all been having any heat waves or like the ninety degree , It 's gotten up to , uh , ninety a couple of times . Uh-huh . But , basically , it 's been in the low seventies and eighties . Uh-huh . Women , that 's good . For this time of year . Yeah . It 's not really been too bad . Uh-huh . Usually it sneaks on into the nineties a little earlier . Uh-huh . So do y'all have many bluebonnets and stuff this year ? Yeah , quite a bit . Oh , Uh-huh . Well , the season is just about over for that , uh , in fact we drove down to Corpus last week -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , there were still some paint brushes and bluebonnets down along the way . Oh , I miss that . MUMBLEx drove through San Antonio and I spoke to somebody else this morning from San Antonio and were , they had , and we came back . What day was that , Sunday evening , and they had a big rainstorm come through there , part of the same thing we 're getting now , I guess . Oh . Oh , well that 's real nice because I can remember two years ago that in about February the hundred degree weather started in San Antonio and just continued . At least y'all are getting some rain up in Dallas . I 'm glad to hear that . Yeah . That 's the second or third year in a row that we 've had a real rainy Spring . Uh-huh . We had a pretty rainy Fall last year , as well . Y'all were n't getting any of the strings of the tornadoes and stuff were you ? Um , we 've had a few down here , but not anything like Kansas . Uh-huh . But this is the season for that . Oh , gosh . They do , they do pop up occasionally , Uh-huh . around here . Oh . Yeah . I really do n't miss all the heat there . Yeah . I 'm getting acclimated to have the cool evenings so we get a bit of a relief . 