Right . So , But , I 'm , I 'm , you know , I 'm , I 'm satisfied with my job . I 'm , I 'm an engineering student . Right . And I work for my instructor and I 'm I 'm not a typical student . I 'm , I 'm older . I 'm , I 'm in my thirties , okay . Yeah . And so I have a lot of job experience and my instructor thrives on that because he can just tell me what he wants and he can give me access and tell me what to do and just turn me loose -- Yeah . -- but in , in the same token , it 's a very , really enjoyable for me because I do n't have to have , you know , nobody breathing down my back and -- Uh-huh . -- and one of the things that I , I really hate about jobs . I do n't , I do n't like bosses that , that you know want to yell at you and you know are down on your back and all this and that . I , I just really ca n't deal with that so , Yeah . What kind of , what kind of jobs have you done ? Well , well , I do wo- , uh , research in computer science and I 've just been doing that for a few years now so -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I , my job has most of the benefits I want . Uh , what I really like is , I like being , like they send me to conferences for instance , but probably not as much as I 'd like but , uh , you know , that 's just nice being , you know , having a company being able to give you time to do that sort of thing and sort of , uh , they also , a really important thing to me is when they , uh , they pay for continuing education . Like , I , I get night courses that they they 'll cover right now and that 's really good yeah . Yeah , that 's just great . You have what you might call knowledge power -- Right . -- you know , when when you work at a company whether you know it or not , is that you 're categorized . Some people can be let go and replaced like , uh , say , uh , a typist , uh , somebody who does data entry or answers the telephone or receptionist . But if you 're a person who , that 's doing computer type things and you have the , you have the knowledge , you know what the system you 've revised and revamped the system , well then you 're you 're vital to the company -- Uh-huh . -- and you get more benefits so . That 's where I , I , I 'm like , I 'm into computers too and that 's one of the things that I 've found in any one , one of these jobs and anything I 've done is that to have knowledge . When you have the knowledge , you 're you 're not going to , uh , you know , be let go , be one of the last ones to let go anyway . Right . So what I , 