So we got lots , quite a bit of information as well as indoctrination on Soviet tactics and weapons . Uh-huh . I went to Lebanon in eighty-three , before the marines ever got there , with the U N Peace Keeping Force . And with the training I received prior to going there , with captured weapons we kept running up against . These were n't , these were n't Chinese made copies . These were Soviet made , top of the line , fresh out of the box , A K forty-sevens . Um , uh-huh . As well as a lot of the explosives we were running into . In Granada , in October , twenty-fifth , eighty-three , we invaded the place . Sure there were Cuban soldiers there , but there was also a bunch of Russian advisors that were damn good shots . The team I was with , we jumped in on the western tip of , of the island down on Point Salinas . And for every Cuban there was at least five Russian advisors . Huh . And they were all shooting state of the art Soviet weapons . In eighty-four , I was down in Central America , as an advisor to the Honduran Army . Again we were running up against Cubans quite a bit , plus Soviet advisors . And the equipment we were capturing and taking from the Nicaraguans , was brand new , out of the crate , Soviet made material . Do I consider them a threat ? Absolutely . They have a university in Moscow called the Patrice de Lamumba University . About like A and M or U T , where they 're teachings subjects like that , they 're teaching terrorism . Some of the people we went up against in Lebanon were graduates from that place . And let me tell you , they are nothing nice to go up against . Huh . I 'm surprised during this Iraqi crisis we did n't have more incidents than they did . These guys are top of the line . When they , when they graduate from there , they can pull terrorist actions anywhere in the free world . And they are very , very good at what they do . So until I see the entire , quote , old guard of the Soviet military , of the Soviet government completely roll over and disappear , preferably buried , I still consider them a threat . Uh-huh . Their military is different from ours , to where there are extremist gen- , generals that actually control tens and thousands of troops . That irregardless of what Soviet policy is , they 're going to do what the general tells them . Yeah . 