however , I think that 's always been true . Uh-huh . I mean , that 's true of the Presidency , too , and we seem to be able to get along with the President turnover ever eight years or four years . And , uh , Yeah but , They , I mean , there is a lot to learn , but maybe it will keep them on their toes and a little bit more active in trying to catch up . I think two years is too short . Uh-huh . I think it would have to be extended , uh , you know , a term limitation for Congress would be like three terms or even four terms or you would increase the length of the , of each term of a Congressman . Uh , but maybe standardizing on , on a , a four year term for Congress -- Uh-huh . -- Senate and the , the Presidency and then , uh , staggering them so that you do n't , we are n't tackling a massive ballot every four years . Uh , the other , the other thing that , uh , bothers me about our system is just that , uh , in , for , for , in , in , in Congress the amount of power any , any particular Congress critter has is based on their seniority and how long they 've been there so it 's , you know , for , you know , uh , so unless you have actual , you know , across the board s- , uh , limitations , the , uh , you know , the idea of , well , we 're going to just , we 're , I 'm , I 'm just going to , you know , vote , vote against the incumbent every time does n't work , you know , it 's going to wind up hurting your state if all the other states are n't doing it at the same time . Uh-huh . I think , I think that that 's true , but then you have , you have the same abuse of power on the flip side of that coin . Uh-huh . Uh , the C I A is moving out to West Virginia which is a really stupid location for a large agency like that and for almost any agency . I mean , the action is n't in West Virginia . I hate to tell the s- , the senator from West Virginia this information , but -- -- it really does n't e- , ar- , the world does not revolve around West Virginia -- -- uh , as far as this country is concerned , the world does revolve around D C , you know -- Uh-huh . 