and they dumped it all on the local school districts . So , Sounds like the way the federal and state system works now . Really . Yeah . So , so what ended up happening was , was a , was a shift . We went to sixty-five per cent state funding to sixty-five per cent local funding in a matter of four years . And , uh , I mean , Oh , complete , complete . It 's all shifted to local districts , and now , even the money that 's been raised for the local districts is being , is going to be siphoned off and sent to other parts of the state . That 's right , and , and I have , I have no problem , with , uh , a certain , uh , floor level , minimum level , that 's a standard -- Yeah . -- uh , that everybody , uh , ought to be able to have , uh , but , I am opposed to , w- , any attempts to restrict , um , local communities from taxing themselves above that to provide above the minimum . Yes , I see what you 're saying . Uh , I , uh , I , I do , I , I guess I am a s , uh , a strong and staunch supporter of some subsidy for any forms of education . I mean , by that I mean , I 'm a product myself , I have , uh , a , a , a , a background of , uh , being , uh , getting my college education through the G I Bill . So did I . My Masters , anyway . What , but , uh , when I look at it to me , uh , it does n't really make any difference . It was a marvelous opportunity that I could n't have done , I do n't think I would have gone on , unless I had that financial -- Yeah . -- uh , easement made possible . That 's right . And I , I do n't really care what it takes to qualify , whether you 're , uh , an , an ex- , whether you 're a veteran or whether you , I do n't even know if you have to perform community service , or unless , uh , or , or you promise to even do something in the future , I think that , uh , the , that , that , the subsidy itself , or I guess the enactment of that form of legislation , Uh-huh . would give many people who , I , I think , I think I perceive the fact , at least what I read , is that some younger people feel that education is priced out of their , uh , out of their , uh , budget . I know in the state of Florida just today , uh , the , the legislature , uh , adjourned , and , uh , they had completed a fifteen per cent increase in the , in the , uh , state land grant colleges , which , which is n't , I mean , to me it does n't sound like a mo- , lot of money , but I guess it would be for fifteen hundred dollars a year . Uh-huh . They went from eleven to fifteen hundred , Yeah . and , uh , for an out of state student the tuition went up twenty-five per cent . I do n't know what that would be . Yeah , 