Uh-huh . uh , and so , then I , of course , just continued what I considered the best style of clothing for me at work and , uh , and I find even , even at home here now , I , I will wear blue jeans or I 'll wear shorts and what have you , uh , and be very comfortable but when I go out somewhere , then , uh , unless I have a pair of dress slacks , I do n't usually wear a lot of blue jeans . Uh-huh . I have difficulty getting them to fit me comfortably any how . Uh-huh . And , so , uh , uh , I just feel that , uh , you know each person has to dress to their own liking and for their own comfort . Uh-huh . But , uh , there are certain norms that companies should be able to , uh , put out as guidelines for their employees . Right , that 's what I , one thing I like about T I is that they are n't overly strict about what you wear and they do n't , you know , your boss does n't come up to you and say now remember , tomorrow you have a meeting so you 'd better wear a suit . I mean , they , they leave it up to you and your judgment to , Right . to use good judgment and dress tastefully and dress for whatever occasion you may have . Yes . The only real restrictions they have are , uh , no halter tops and no shorts , even the long walking short of the squirts , the , the split skirts , Yes . anything that , that could be considered shorts they do n't allow . That 's good . And they do n't allow , uh , any sweat , any sweat shirts or t shirts that might have vulgar , or , you know , anything like that on it , but , Yeah , uh-huh . other than that , it 's pretty , pretty lax and I think that 's good because it does allow people to be individual and it allows you to kind of dress the way you feel that day . Yes . Or , you know , if you want to be comfortable and casual you can , Right . Whereas , uh , sometimes when you 're in the suit and feel , kind of almost stiff and you 're not , you know , maybe you do n't , uh , ca n't get as comfortable to sit down and , you know , like when I 'm writing training material , I prefer to be more comfortable unless I know I have to meet with a customer later during the day . Right , right . So , that 's I think , that is good that they 're like that . I do know there 's a lot of companies that are very strict about what the employees wear and they must wear blue or gray or black and a white shirt and , Yeah . you know , no variation , and I do n't , I do n't quite agree with that . Yeah , well , I do n't either . Fortunately I do n't have to work in those companies . Right . But , uh , I , I , uh , did have a group come over from one of the banks , over the children 's hospital where I was volunteering and , uh , they were doing a presentation and every one of the young execs coming up were dressed exactly a like , men and women . They all had on the gray jackets and the gray trousers or sla- , or skirts and the white blouses and the same color tie . Uh , right . And one was a skirt and one was a pant . Yeah . And , uh , and I think that 's sad because that does n't allow for any individuality . Uh-huh . That 's , uh , can stifle creativity . Right , I agree . So . Well , it , I guess we 've talked probably long enough . I guess so , well it 's been nice talking with you . Nice talking to you too , I enjoyed it . Uh-huh , bye , bye . Bye , bye . 