Uh , did you watch the Bulls this morning ? You know what , I watched a little bit of , uh , of the Bulls game and I , uh , had to leave . Uh , in fact I , I think the Bulls were ahead when I , uh , when I left . Who won the game ? They won in a squeaker . They won by -- Is that right ? -- they won by two points . Uh , they were behind as they headed into each quarter and then they came back in the second half and at the end , I think they were , uh , looked , they looked like they were closing it out and then Detroit kept coming back and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , Isaiah missed a three point attempt , at the end and , uh , I think the Bulls won by two . I think they do , as a matter of fact . Yeah . One of the , uh , commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would , uh , if they continued at their current pace , uh , set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season . Wow . Yeah , they looked real good and , They , they do , and they , you know , I think by , uh , by relieving some of the pressure off of , uh , of , uh , uh , Michael Jordan really helped them out . You know , he does n't have , they do n't have to rely on him to score ev- , you know , thirty or forty points at every -- Right . -- at every game so , Yeah , well , they , they 're , they 're balancing their attack Oh , I know , I 'm , yeah , I saw the w- , I saw the Warriors , uh , just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors , uh , Dallas game . I saw the , the second half of the game last night and they were impressive . They look good . Billy Owens looks like he was , that was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him . Yeah , now , I do n't , uh , I have n't kept up with what was going on with , uh , with the , Well , they traded away , uh , Mitch Richmond , or is it Tim Hardaway . One of the two , uh , who , along with , uh , Chris Mullen was , you know , though three were three of the best in the N B A , and -- Uh-huh . -- and , they made a heck of a threesome and they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens and , uh , Good move . Yeah , 