so . Well it , it 's an interesting concept , though , when you look at , uh , of , of how baseball , how apparently , I was reading in the paper tonight that the Detroit Tigers are going to sign him . And , uh , and the point of , of , I guess , I do n't understand the , the strategy of how baseball works , but it seems that , you know , they can sign him tomorrow , Uh-huh . and he could go in the team the next day , and , and , and they put him in the lineup and he hits a home run and all of a sudden he becomes a hero . Yeah , well that 's true . And , and all he has to do is hit the ball , I mean , you 're not , a- , and all he has to do is one , you know , hit it once . It does n't , he can , he can stri , he can swing a couple times , MUMBLEx if he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can . Right . It 's an interesting , uh , an interesting concept of , of how they do it . But I agree with you I think that , I think that 's part of what , uh , baseball needs more of . I , uh , I , I guess what bothers me is , is that when you go , um , you wait and wait and wait and finally a guy gets up there and blasts a home run and that 's all the game is . I 'd rather see the ball hit around and have the people , Yeah , well there 's , there 's another point to that too . They said the , that um , that he was horrible at , uh , at batting with , with men on base . Now having somebody get up and hit a solo home run does you , you know , gives you run , obviously . Yes . But I mean if you ca n't do it with men on base , there 's something definitely wrong , um , you know , you , you 've got to be able to get the two and three run home runs , you know , to , to be able to , uh , score enough runs to be able to win in these , uh , in this day and age , so . Yeah , well how do you think the Royals are going to do ? I think the Royals will do okay . They have , they have several pitchers that had badly years last year and they are , they 're these , uh , cycle pitchers , they , they pitch one year bad , one year good , one beer bad , one year good . Saberhagen has won , uh , supposedly the Cy , I think he won Cy year , uh , two out of three years , and , uh , you know , so he 's very much due for a good year . Well are they going to beat , are they going to beat Oakland ? Well now see that 's a good question , I , that 's , I do n't know how Oakland 's going to react to being , uh , swept in the World Series last year . They could very easily , uh , take that as a challenge . Which is the way most teams nat- , you know , naturally do . Yeah . Uh , and , and , just go out and not give anybody a chance to beat them , so , Well I go to Saint Louis from time to time and I watch , I , I watch their sports up there and they 're , Uh-huh . uh , they 're certainly intense about the Cardinals they , Oh yeah , baseball is their , is their life up there like football is down here I think . Y- , did you actually live in Saint Louis ? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis , yeah . Ye- , everybody does , right . Yeah , that 's true too , . I think that 's all that they have . I had a friend from college that lives in , uh , MUMBLEx it 's well , I should say on the west side , I mean everything 's on the west side . Manchester ? Uh-huh . 