Yeah . Might not go if it was voluntary , but I do n't know how they 'd enforce it , if it was , Yeah , well , if they went AWOL , what are you going to do . Yeah . Shoot them . Put them in jail . I do n't know . Send them over to Iraq . Yeah , right . Have a vacation in Iraq for a year . I know my dad always talked about , uh , he was in C C C during , uh , Yeah . And he was , uh , a rock rib Iowa type republican and the only good thing he could ever say about , uh , the whole Roosevelt administration was , uh , civilian conservation corps , Huh-uh . because he was in it . He thought that was great . Yeah . The rest of it was all hog wash , but that was great . Well , it seems like it would develop pride , you know , in people , if , if , it 's in their own country . It would certainly help them to appreciate some of the things that we have here and develop some pride in them , if it was handled that way . I , I , it would take quite a few people . I think it might build jobs for people , you know , that were administrating and running and training and coordinating and all that , so maybe that part of it would be helpful too . Yeah . I do n't know . Yeah the only , Like to have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and , Well , you know that brings up the interesting subject too , you know , what would you have , who , who , who would determine what these people do . Yeah , yeah . You know , if , uh , you know , if it 's run by the individual state . You know like C C C was run by the army and in effect , Huh-uh . and the only opposition to it really was that it was , you know , starting some sort of a military elitist type , you know , special corps of cadre of people and that sort of thing . Huh-uh . And , uh , when the politics get real confusing , Yeah , really there could be , um , some scandals involved , if , you know , it was n't people that were really fair and le , Yeah . you know , in a legal way or something , they could send all the people over to , uh , you know , one particular part of town or one particular project , that somebody had paid somebody to , you know , get supported , or , Yeah . Well , MUMBLEx . We 've gotten to the point where , you know , if , if , well , if the racial make up of the group was such and such , you know , they 'd have to do that percentage of work and what is perceived to be that part of town and , you know , Yeah . That kind of thing . That could be a complicated too , could n't it . Oh , yeah . Yeah . Suppose , uh , well , you know , they had a group who were construction oriented and they went and they , they built , uh , ca n't think of a good example , a swimming pool , or anything , you know , and one , you can , you can only build it in one place , you know , and know matter where you build it , somebody else is going to scream , well , you did n't build one over here . Yeah . That 's true . Unfair or something , yeah . Yeah . I think , uh , oh , boy . It 's one of those things on the surface , you know , it seems like a great idea . It 's like a joke I heard once about , uh , elephant foot soup , you know , it 's easy to do once you find a elephant foot . 