and , Oh , sure , yeah , and it 's , it 's really great . I , I , I like different types of food . So where are your , what are the places , you know , memorable places you 've eaten ? Uh , oh you na- , okay you name it . Let 's see , you 've got one down in , uh , down near , uh , Addison , uh , there 's two restaurants that I particularly like that I , every time I get into Texas or I get into Atlanta , Georgia , I make sure I go , and that 's Houston 's . Oh , Houston 's , uh-huh . Yep , okay . It 's a great place . It 's , it 's great . There 's a , a restaurant in , um , right outside of Reading , Pennsylvania , it 's called Alfredo 's -- Uh-huh . -- that does not look like a restaurant that you would really want to recommend to a lot of people . But it is fab , fantastic . Uh , there 's a restaurant , and I do n't recall the name of it , uh , in , uh , Panama City . Of course , not too many people want to rush back to Panama City , uh , Panama , the country , uh , Panama . Oh , okay , because I was thinking , well , I , I grew up in Panama City . No this is the country -- I get it . -- this is the country Panama , all right ? Right . And , uh , but I have gotten to quite a few . And I go to Canada and get quite a few restaurants up there . I , you know , and I know the locations , and I know the places , but I , lot of times I do n't remember the names . I 'd have to go back through some expense reports . Uh-huh . But particularly , down in your area , I 'm looking for some , some more restaurants . So , I , you know , I do n't know what 's , what 's down there , Do you like Mexican ? the ones out in Addison . Do you like Mexican food . Not particularly -- Oh . -- that 's one of the few , why , which one were you going to recommend ? Well , I mean , there 's so many places here , you know , there 's just , it 's just lots of good Mexican restaurants here . Uh-huh . But in the Addison , well about everything that you could want in Dallas is in the Addison area , anyway . 