Uh , I 'm not too satisfied with our local newspaper -- Uh-huh . -- uh , which is why I rely on shortwave and , and then the cable , cable , C N N . I 'm , uh , interested in the , in the shortwave aspect of it . Uh , how do you find that the , the coverage from other places in the world , uh , compares with the American coverage of , how do you think that , uh , the viewpoints differ ? I think a lot of it is just , uh , the fact that in the U S you 're so far removed , uh , in a lot of cases from , say , conflicts or , or it 's not happening in your backyard -- Uh-huh . -- so it 's , it 's more of a , it 's not as a personal , uh , the news is n't as personal in what we receive domestically than , than what 's on shortwave . It 's , B B C is , uh , oh , I do n't know the right word , is , is almost , uh , they almost take all emotions out of it when they -- Uh-huh . -- report it and it just , they seem to give more of just the facts than opinions . Do you think , then , that , uh , the American media is presenting an opinion along with their facts ? Uh , very much so , very much so , and I , I think a lot of it is , uh , especially T V news , they do n't really have the time and a lot of them do n't have the education and the background to , uh , oh , to really decipher the news and to really explain it . I mean , I , you know , I think it 's important to interpret it , but a lot of times the person does n't have the experience to , to do the interpreting . Uh-huh . Which , uh , which approach do you find to be , uh , more useful , the , the interpretive approach or the straight reporting ? Oh , I like the straight reporting . Uh , and then I , I hope to be able to form my own opinion of it . It 's , it 's nice to hear someone 's interpretation of it -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I always think it 's humorous when , when the President gives the State of the Union and , uh , for thirty minutes and then for an hour and a half you hear different commentators explaining what you just heard . And a lot of time I do n't hear exactly what they , what they write into it . Uh-huh . So I , overall , I think I would rather hear just straight reporting . One of the things that I found interesting last year during the , uh , the Gulf conflict was a sentiment against , uh , Peter Arnett , who had stayed in Iraq and was presenting , uh , some of the things that were available . 