I 'm sure location 's really important as far as figuring out where one ought to be . Very important , because , uh , you 'll start losing people if it 's too far to go . Uh-huh . We have factions , when it 's one part , we , I have one reunion on my mother 's side , and we found that if it 's in a certain part of Texas , some people come , and if it 's elsewhere , other people come -- Yeah . -- we never get them at both of them -- Never get them at both places , -- it seems like , so I think we need to find a new place . Right . Well , listen , they 've , uh , they 've had this one , well it just , of course , over the years it has , uh , built up as far as the organization is concerned -- Uh-huh . -- but now they , uh , have a golf tournament on the Saturday . Um . And then they have generally a show or an auction or something on Saturday night to help raise funds to cover the costs of such . Oh , that 's a neat idea . Yeah , and , uh , everyone , uh , they get the community building there at Lake Texoma lodge , and everyone brings in food -- Uh-huh . -- and then for the Saturday night dinner they bring in like Kentucky Fried Chicken from Durant , and uh -- Uh-huh . -- it really , uh , has worked out . How many people , Jim , are involved ? Uh , generally , uh , I think it 's been as high as about a hundred and twenty people . Wow . I think normal 's about sixty or seventy . Yeah , well , I guess , um , ours probably is n't that big . Our family is dwindling , for one thing . Oh . And I often feel funny because I 'm in a branch that 's all but died -- Oh . -- I just have one aunt and my family . So sometimes when these other families get together , they 're really pulling in aunts and uncles and -- Yeah . -- grandkids , and we 're kind of off on the sidelines . But it does remind us that we have family and roots . Right . So we keep going even though we 're not a real big part of it . Yeah , well , our family start , reunion started out my wife and I were the kids , the newlyweds , so to speak -- Uh-huh . -- and now we go , our children go , and our grandchildren are going now . Oh that 's great . So it 's , uh , wound up that , uh , we 're the old folks now . Uh-huh , uh-huh . But , um , they have various organized , they have generally a volleyball net set up and horseshoes , uh , to pitch , and they organize a baseball game for the kids -- Uh-huh . -- and several people bring boats , and there 's a place they , they take the kids up to the lodge and go swimming up there in the afternoon , so it -- So there 's lots to do . -- it 's a full day . Some of the people -- 