So , how do you feel about capital punishment ? Well , I , I 'm not really certain how I , uh , I 'm not certain that , that it does a lot of good . I mean , that it ends up , ends up effectively , uh , uh , uh , avoiding a lot of the crimes that have capital punishment -- Right , you do n't think , -- penalties . Yet , on the other hand , uh , I do n't know , I mean , there is things that seems like it 's , it 's , it 's the right thing to do . Now , you know , I mean somebody , a s , s , serial killer or somebody goes in and machine guns , you know , fifty , fifty children in a school yard , you kind of , I do n't know . What about yourself ? I , uh , I have the same dilemma , I think . Uh , it 's , you know , it seems right sometimes and then other times , you do n't know . Uh-huh . Uh , I mean , people , like , I , it 's been , I mean , like the Arab societies and stuff end up , uh , having e , effective , effective punishments and , and they 're extremely severe . Uh , I , you know , I think to a certain degree , the reason that it , it does n't serve as a deterrent , uh , may be because y- , you never know if it 's going to be a , applied . Right , un- , unlike , uh , like in , in Arab societies . If you get , get caught stealing , they chop off your hand and -- Right . -- and you walk around the rest of your life with one hand and everybody knows exactly what , what for . Right . Uh , and , you know , and here , with our court system and , and ways of sort of screwing it around and stuff you can , you can kind of always count on the fact , or , or there is a good chance you 're going to get off . Uh-huh . And also , it does n't seem like it does that many harm , I mean , sure , their life is taken , but they 'd spend the rest of their life in jail anyway , so -- -- I think sometimes they 'd prefer just to get it over with so it 's more of the easy way out than -- some people , -- making them pay for the con- , for the -- Yeah . -- you know , what they 've done . Except that , I mean , the , the average cost to si- , to society of having somebody in jail for all their life is , is extremely high . I mean , something , I , I was amazed at . Uh , uh , per year , it 's something like twenty thousand dollars per inmate per year . Yeah . To keep people in jail . Uh , you know , and it 's sort of a , sort of a crass perspective -- Uh-huh . -- on the usage of capital punishment , but on the other hand , uh , uh , you know , I do n't , I do n't know if it 's that is , that is that serious that they 're really never going to be out of jail , uh ... Right , but then again , also , you ca n't bring back lives that have been taken anyway , so -- Uh-huh . -- uh , it 's , it does n't , it seems by , that by , I do n't know , does n't ever really , p- , uh ... Oh , I know , I mean , you ca n't , it does n't , Yeah . Taking , taking one more life does n't , does n't , does n't re- , get things back the way they were , right . 