and , and parents hate to hear this , you know , because I , I actually teach college , I hate to , uh , I hate to talk to the parents because , um one of the reasons is because , you know , the kid does n't know exactly what they want , and I always say make sure you major , in something that you like , even if it 's not going to be your career vocation , because you 'll get better grades . I , I think most employers would probably rather hire , you know , a , a three six in , um , in history , uh , to be a salesman than someone with a two oh in business administration . Oh , yeah . Does that make sense ? Yeah . Well , yeah , I see what you 're saying . Yeah . I always , you know , tell them that you should major in something you , you 're going to get good grades in . Yeah . Because that , that 's always , I think , more important , you know , overall . I do n't know . Uh , give me five minutes . Yeah . Oh , you , you 're at the office now ? Yeah . At work ? Yeah . Yeah . I 'm just getting ready to go to lunch . Uh , yeah , that 's like what we were saying , though , would you , uh , advise a private school , or a public school , I would , I would , you know , what 's the trade off there , what , it would , I , I tell you , I live in Maryland , and the public schools here are , pretty good . I teach at a public school , actually , and I know that the S A T scores for our admitting freshmen are higher than a lot of the public sch- , a lot of the private schools . And , um , I actually , I would full time at a , at a public school , and then right now I 'm teaching part time at a private school , at a Catholic institution . Oh , I see . And , um , and I really think , I think I 'm getting a better caliber of student at the private school , because I think their parents pay more , and I think the kids are a little bit more challenged , because their parents are probably college educated , where at the public school , I do n't think as many parents are public , are , are college educated , and I do n't , I think because it costs less , the kid does n't take it quite as serious , you know , they 're not , th- , 