Uh-huh . And I was down there with a program from the college that I went to where we would just spend like three months in a foreign country , most of them third world countries . Uh-huh . And study the language and then do a little service project . Um . So , yeah , that turned out to be a really good experience for me . So , what did you do when you were in Europe ? Uh , well , see , I went there when I was in high school , actually -- Uh-huh . -- and I mostly went to Germany and visited some friends of my family and , uh , hung out with them , worked a bit on one of their farms and also went to a youth camp . What did you do on the farm ? Uh , uh , uh , well , not that much . Just , uh , Are you just kind of sight , just kind of , uh , Right , I mean , I was n't a great asset to them or anything . But I , you know , drove a tractor , helped them weed beets and that sort of thing . Um . And , uh , yep , and I went to a youth camp that included working at an old people 's home and that was pretty interesting . And while I was there I visited my aunt and uncle who were , uh , staying for their vacation in France in Nantes , which is on the west coast , like right across from England . Um . Uh , so , uh , where in France are you , Paris . Right , Paris . Yeah . And , uh , um , how long do you plan to be going for ? Uh , two weeks . Last time she stayed two months , but we 're only going to stay two weeks . Uh-huh . So , Great . And , uh , We 're going to take a cooking class there , so that might be fun . A what ? Cooking class , you know , French cooking . Oh , great . Yeah . And , uh , what else are you planning to do , if anything ? Museums , you know , go to museums and , Uh-huh . Yeah , um , Do you go to museums in Europe ? Uh , actually , no , I do n't think I went to any of them . Uh , the closest thing I did was go to some like , uh , restored castles and stuff . Um . That , there is some on that west coast of France and I went to a vineyard or two in Germany . Um , that 's neat . Yeah , that was nice . Uh , um , but , so , uh , Hey , what about , have you ever been to Hawaii ? Uh , no , I have n't . 