Okay , um , I guess we 're going to talk , describe , uh , job benefits , and so what do you think , next to salary do you rank , is the most important job benefits ? Uh , I would say the medical , uh , group insurance area -- Uh-huh . -- as far as , uh , covering medical costs for yourself or family members . Uh-huh . Well , um , does your company have good benefits in that , in that regard ? Yeah , I think , I work for a public school system , district -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , so it 's different than a company where most companies fund almost the entire thing , where the school district does , um , the employee must pick up a greater figure in the way of , uh , costs . Oh , yeah . But overall , um , I 've been pleased with it over the years . Uh-huh . I think the biggest frustration is because of the cost of insurance going up every year , our district has had to alter , uh , you know , change companies , or now we 're on a managed care thing , which has stressed a lot of people out -- Uh-huh . -- although it has not disturbed me any . I see . How about yourself ? Uh , well I 'm , my medical coverage is with an H M O -- Uh-huh . -- um , so , that 's , in my opinion , that 's get- , that 's bordering on a health clinic , but it seems to be a good way to maintain costs and still provide a good amount of coverage . Right , yeah . Um . Our district did that for the ninety-one and the ninety school year , or calendar years , and I was in the H M O , and , um , I was because my , my same doctor , you know , agreed to be in it for , uh , they usually sign a contract or something -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , uh , I did have surgery last summer and I paid ten dollars when I went to see him that first day , and I 've never seen another bill , so I -- Right . -- I have to say it really works . But , again , I was fortunate because my doctor agreed to be in it . Uh , if you 've been going to a doctor for , you know , ten years or something and he elects not to join , it can be very stressful for -- Yes . -- you know , those people . That 's right , yeah , I 'm , I 'm fairly young myself , I 've only been , when I first started working which , three years ago is when I first got into full time employment -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , at that time I immediately joined the H M O , and I never really , so the only doctor I , I 've kind of consistently had has been through the H M O , and , uh -- Yeah . -- you know , for me it 's worked out real good . Right , but if you , you know , have a family and , and , um , everybody 's gone to different doctors , uh , it is hard to give up somebody who you feel knows you and your body and your , just has , you know , all the medical history and you feel comfortable with it . Uh-huh . I , I 'm sure it would be very stressful and , my husband and I have just elected that if that happens , I will go and just pay . You can continue to go to your own doctor -- Uh-huh . -- but your benefits are not as , you know , good , 