And so we had , they had , uh , like a berry assortment . It was , it was raspberries -- Oh . -- and blueberries and , and strawberries on a plate with like a custard on the bottom . And , you know , they did , like the raspberry puree , just kind of like in a , in a decoration on the , you know , how they do the plates real fancy with the decorations and then -- Yes . Yeah . -- piled the berries and shaved chocolate on top of it -- Oh . -- and it was outstanding . It sounds wonderful . It was really , really relatively simple but , oh , it was good . It was really good . Well , that 's , uh , one of the things th , that I do enjoy when you get a good restaurant . Uh , I love fresh berries . And , their , their fruits are always exceptional . I do n't , I 'm , know they must have a special source for getting them because even at the Farmer 's Market , uh , You ca n't find them . you ca n't find them -- Yeah . -- like that and , Yeah , yeah , yeah . You know , i- , I 'm originally from Connecticut and , uh , I was home a few years ago and my sister and brother-in-law were going to take us out for dinner and , uh , I was really amazed , you know , the , the restaurants up there were kind of quaint . You know , they were real , real pretty but they lacked , the service and they lacked the at- , the , just the , I do n't know . The restaurants down here seem like they have , uh , I guess there 's so much competition that they , really have to be good . Uh-huh . And , I thought I would really miss that . I would , too , because , well , because we do n't go out very often . When we do go out , um , in a way it 's like a little mini vacation I guess , and , uh , it is , it 's a whole experience . Of course you want the food to be good but the atmosphere and service I think , are important , uh -- Uh-huh . -- too . And , you know , in order to survive in this area , I think they have to be good . Yeah . Because the ones that are n't so good do n't , just do n't make it . Um , that reminded me of a place for lunch that 's a little off the beaten track but it is wonderful . It 's called Cafe Max and it 's at Plano Road and Campbell . They have the most wonderful salads . They do what they call a salad sampler which easily could feed two or three . Oh , really ? 