Of course it 's not my home , and I 've lived in my home in , well , almost ten years , and , you know , I 've got everything just exactly like I want it . Right . But if I were to live some place else , it certainly meets my standards . It 's a nice house . Uh-huh , yeah , that 's a nice area . Is it on the golf course ? No , it 's not , it 's off the golf course , and I 'll be honest with you , I 'm going to have to get a map to figure out exactly where is the golf course versus where my house is . Is that right . But it 's in the estates that adjoin it . Yeah , right , right . Well that 's a nice area . Yes , it is . That really is a nice area . When they get that highway finished , you can hop on that and get anywhere you need to go -- Yeah , that one nine -- -- fairly quick . -- that one ninety is just going to be the mo- , the outer , outermost loop around . Right , another belt line , just , uh , farther out . Right , just continue to do that . Right , right , right . Where are you from in California ? Southern California . San Diego ? I 've lived in San Diego for six years when I was a ki- , younger , and L A area , and my parents live in Anaheim right now . Lived up north of Los Angeles in Thousand Oaks area , where the Cowboys have their training camp , or used to anyway . I 've been through all of that . Yeah . Uh , there is an area beyond Thousand Oaks , north of Los Angeles that is really an eerie , strange looking area -- -- with boulders , I won- , they 're not really hills , they 're more like just huge boulders with very little vegetation . Huh . I 'm not familiar with what , is it along the coast or -- Uh . -- or inland . Well , you know , it may be a little bit more inland . That is one of the strangest areas I have ever seen . Um . Uh , I had to go up to T I on business -- Out there , uh-huh . -- a couple years ago -- Uh-huh . -- and we went up that coastline , and I was just amazed how unusual that looks . Huh . Here , hang on just a second , I 've got a Los Angeles map . Let me just quick . Yeah , MUMBLEx valley . Yes -- Okay , I know where that is . -- beyond Thousand Oaks . I know where MUMBLEx Valley is , I 've been out there before , sure . You do n't think that 's strange looking . I did n't notice anything strange , I guess -- Oh , okay -- -- about it . -- maybe , maybe I 'm used to Texas . Maybe Texas the way , The elevation is extremely high . Uh-huh . It 's got curving roads on it , but , but the , it 's just a strange landscape , there 's very little vegetation . Huh . I did n't , I do n't remember seeing that part of it . I know MUMBLEx Valley , yeah , it 's just a suburb of L A . Right . It 's a , And they 've built some new highways out to that area , and things , lately . People can get in and out of L A easier . Maybe it 's a place I went to , it was far extreme , thought we 'd never find the place . Huh . It was interesting . Yeah , sounds interesting . Because we went out the Ventura highway to Thousand Oaks and on up -- Right . -- through that way . Right , right . I , I know exactly MUMBLEx that area . It 's a nice area out there . I love Thousand Oaks . Uh , Texas , I do n't know , thing , things , you just have less a variety , I guess . I think , I do n't think it 's quite as green , you know . It 's green with all the trees and things out here but it 's just , Oh , it 's green sometime . Yeah , but it 's just , you know , I do n't know . Well , it does n't stay green , you know -- Right . -- the really , and in all honesty , I know this sounds like a Texas story , all honesty , you have n't seen the hottest of summers if you 've only been here five years . 