Okay , uh , have you , did you , have you grown up in Dallas , Stephanie ? Uh , no I 've only been here for the last ten years , uh , Oh , where are you from ? I grew up most of my childhood in Germany . In Germany . Uh , and , Well , we , we took a lot of vacations while we were there because everything was within driving distance . Now there 's a place I 'd like to visit . So we , we travelled all over Europe . Oh , that 's neat . When I was , when I was very young . Unfortunately , a , a little bit too young to really appreciate . Uh-huh . Uh , I was grade school age . Uh , My hus- , my husband had a bicycle tour of Europe , or took a bicycle tour about five months right after the second world war and so we 've seen lots of pictures of the , of the beautiful , Um . spots and , That , areas , that would be a , to me , a really nice vacation -- -- because I 'm , I 'm not in physical shape for something like that , but , uh , I , I sure would work on it , if I had an opportunity like that . Yeah , that 's neat , neat . What kind of vacations do you like ? Uh , well my husband and I are scuba divers . Oh . H- , So , we both like to go to dive resorts . Uh , we went to Hawaii on our honeymoon , Uh-huh . and we dove there . Uh , but , we , we did about six dives while we were there . And , uh , we were originally planning on going to Cayman , Oh , uh-huh . uh , last year -- Uh-huh . -- uh , but , we were n't able to get enough people together for the trip . We had to have , like , eleven people for , Oh , uh-huh . this package , uh , deal . Yeah . Uh , and we could n't get enough people together , uh , to go , so it ended up falling a- , falling through . Yeah . We were going to get a really good price . When , when our children were younger , we enjoyed , we lived up in , uh , New York , Uh-huh . or New Jersey and , and used to like , uh , traveling into upstate New York and camping -- Uh-huh . -- and we had a little collapsible sailboat and liked to sail and , that sort of thing , but we 've never really , uh , did any diving or anything . Little bit of s- , of , uh , uh , , oh , Snorkeling ? 