These are children that are born with low deficit , attention deficit -- Right . -- and , gosh , what 's going to happen when these kids start coming into the school system . That 's really scary . Yeah . But there are , I think there are a couple of areas where the school system can improve , and this is something that I see . Too many times students get diagnosed as mo- , slow learners , and in fact they 're not . They 're behavior problems . Right . And so , they get put in , in , in our school system , in a class that 's limited for skills children -- Uh-huh . -- that have , really have to master skills . And that 's not their problem . Um , at the same time , I 've seen , we , we have a , an international population . There 's no bridge area for students coming out of the E S O L , which is English for Speakers of Other Languages -- Uh-huh . -- program . The , once they 're past E S O L , they get out , they got thrown right into the total mainstream -- Right . -- and , uh , there really needs to be a bridge , some sort of transition -- Right . -- for that . So the school systems can improve , both in standing up for splitting classes , you know , having learning dis- , learning , slow , slow children in slow classes , but not mixing them with behavior problems . Right . And then , you know , the case where they put the behavior problems in the average classes , you get these kids that are average students but highly motivated . Right . And then you throw in kids that are not motivated , maybe bright , but they 're discipline problems . And you sometimes the average classes really are problems -- Uh-huh . -- because you 've got such a mixed bag there . Right . You know , the gifted and talented are fast classes . There 's really not that much of a problem with . But it 's , Well , I , I 've seen more , uh , incredibly intelligent underachievers than , -- Uh-huh . -- than , uh , I personally I will , I would take a person who 's motivated and a little , uh , less intelligent -- That 's , yeah . -- than the person who , uh , is one of these very intelligent people who just kind of , is n't motivated to do anything . I remember I had a college professor who once said that genius is one percent inspiration , and ninety-nine percent perspiration . Yeah . Well , I , not to toot my own horn here or anything , but I , I was graduated from my high school , I was the valedictorian , and I know -- Uh-huh . -- that there were a lot of kids that were an awful lot smarter than me , and they proved out late when it came time to take the S A T -s . Mine were -- Uh-huh . -- good , but they were n't great . Uh-huh . And , uh , when I got into college I struggled , I struggled just to , uh , get my degree in the , in the field that I was in . Yeah . Whereas I knew people that in high school were kind of lazy and all , but they got motivated in college and they did a lot better than I did . And when it , Yeah . I guess kids do mature at different ages -- Right . -- too . That 's , and , you know , as a teacher you , you try to make , be understanding that , you know , there are different ages , kids are , is this a , got a kid that just a question of maturity , or is he a -- Uh-huh . -- problem child . But teachers are asked to diagnose so much . Um , there , I mean , I mean we 're , have to be , we 're alerted -- Right . -- there 's all sorts of systems where suicide , uh , predisposition . I mean , we 're alerted to what the moment we see something . If we see a child that we have any reason , that 's on drugs , such as if he 's got a beeper or if they 're , if they 're flashing lots of money around . We 've , there are certain things to do . I mean , so tea- , the school system 's asked to do so much , but you ca n't operate in a vacuum . You actually have students with , with beepers ? This is a , we 're in a rather wealthy suburb of Washington . Uh-huh . And a student with a beeper immediately gets sent down to the , uh , principal . I mean , where , what are the , what could they possibly be thinking . I mean how . It 's for drug use . They ca n't imagine for anything else . Yeah Yeah . You know , it 's , it 's amazing , but uh , you get all sorts , you get all , all sorts of things , uh , in the schools , uh , uh , and it 's , and you know , as a teacher you 're alert , you 're alert for the kid who 's very drowsy . You 're alert to the kid who suddenly has a , um , behavioral change , and you refer them to the nurse . 