and he said yeah , it does so fast , I heard it on the radio . I heard the audio portion on the radio in the car but I did n't see it but , It was so funny to see , it was a really cute little kid too . That 's about my extent of , um , about baseball , I do n't know , Well , I can tell you , that much about it . that the Mets opened , I think , two days ago , Uh-huh . because my brother was supposed to go to the opening game , and I could n't tell you who pitched , Uh-huh . but they won , the Mets won . Did they ? But , yeah , not my a lot , and then somebody else lost , maybe it was the other New York team which is the Yankees , Uh-huh . but I do n't even know if they 're still New York Yankees , That 's so stupid that you all have two teams . or MUMBLEx New Jersey . Yeah . That 's really stupid . Well , but it , the- , then they can have them play against each other . Yeah , I know . I think it 's still the New York Yankees , you know , Yeah . MUMBLEx I thought they were moving to New Jersey . This is how much I know about baseball . The Texas Rangers , they , they lost , I think . Uh-huh . But I know that last year we did go to a baseball game last year . We got free tickets because someone at our church , one of the deacons at church , um , parks cars at The Mansion at Turtle Creek which is like one of the , uh , the places and stuff . Uh-huh . And he 's their head chauffeur , is this funny , as they 're parking the cars the valet service . Right . Yeah , he makes good money too doing that , you 'd be sh , I was shocked , but anyway , someone gave an Iranian a tip of four Rangers tickets last year , Uh-huh . and then the Iranian could n't , he did n't want them , so he gave them to Alan , and Alan and his Dad had plans that night so they gave them to us , so he decided that some wealthy man tipped this Iranian , With baseball tickets . MUMBLEx with baseball tickets , and we ended up with them , right . And so we were , Yeah MUMBLEx . walking up and I looked at my husband and I said , you know what Kyle this is The Mansion at Turtle Creek a tip I bet these are really good seats and so we ended up on first base right down there on the floor , Wow . oh , yeah , we MUMBLEx they called us at five and the game started at seven so we just threw everything together , ran over and got the tickets and walked and so we took two kids with us and nobody brings two children in these seats , you know because , Because they 're fancy seats and stuff . yeah , and you just sit down and all the girls were all dressed up MUMBLEx you know , I just was there , you know , like I 'm loaded , I 'm here , you know , and , uh , it was just kind of funny because , you know , but we got to sit by first base 