I think people need to understand more like what a meter is , instead of how many feet in a meter or something . Just get used to using all the terms . Because someone says a kilogram , no one knows what that is . Everyone wants a , wants a conversion of that before kind of recognizing it as a , as , as , as , as a concept to hold in mind . Yeah . Uh , I , I , I do n't see that , it , it , it can change it very quickly . I mean we 're not the kind of society that , that , uh , that something can be posed upon , uh , by government will . Yeah , no one seems to be adopting it . Metric system , no one 's very , uh , no one wants it at all seems like . Uh , the , the , the public is just very conservative that way in refusing to change measurement systems , uh , money , dollar , coins , anything like that . Yeah . And , and , and it , it obviously makes no sense that we 're practically alone in the world in , in using the old system . Yeah , I , it 's pretty tough when you get everything confused , though . I think two systems is worse than one , though . Because , I know , we do a lot of problems and things and they 're half english and half metric and you , you make more mistakes doing all the conversions than you would doing the problems . MUMBLEx just get one . I prefer metric , but even if it 's english , they should just have one . Well , I mean , unfortunate- , I think people like you are relatively rare who are coming up against this problem every day . Yeah , yeah , I think so . Your , your average guy jogging down the highway wants to know how many miles it is to his destination . Uh , I mean , there are things you could do . Uh , we have signs up on the N I S T campus here , speed limit twenty-five miles per hour , forty kilometers per hour . Yeah . Uh , but that has n't been adopted very widely . Yeah , they have some of those in Ohio . There 's this one sign 's kind of funny . It says , uh , metric signs next hundred miles . But , I mean , and no one will , will go a step further to remove the english signs . Yeah , that would force everybody to use it . Or to quit selling tape measures in inches . Uh , yeah , 