Yeah , uh , but I look for service even at the quickie places -- Uh-huh . -- type things . Uh , I do n't like to go to the drive-thrus because sometimes they get your order wrong -- That 's right . -- and then you 're stuck and it 's a pain to have to stand there and see what it is before you leave -- Yes . -- so I really do n't like the drive-thrus that much . I , I like to go and eat there . But I would say service , uh , atmosphere , and whether the food is good , and on going out , I like steaks . So , we try to hit those places when we can . When we travel we look for Wendy 's because we have kids , and my husband and I like getting the salads or the lighter meals -- Uh-huh . -- and then that way they can get their burgers and fries and we can have a salad bar -- Yeah . -- so sometimes we drive for a couple hundred miles until we find a Wendy 's , because it 's all either McDonald 's or Dairy Queens , and , in , in , in the countries , unless it 's a large city , I guess Dairy Queen and Wal-Mart are their main . Right , that 's right , That 's what you find , right , I know . My husband likes , uh , Dairy Queens . He likes their milk shakes and their chili cheese -- Uh-huh . -- dogs , I guess , so he 's a fan of , of Dairy Queen , and , and we 'll go even in town here at times , just as a , a change although -- Uh-huh . -- I 'm not that excited about it . But we 've eat , we eat out so much it 's gotten so I do n't like to really eat any place but yet I hate to cook food at home -- Oh . -- so that might be why I look for inexpensive places -- Uh-huh . -- just because we 're eating out probably five nights a week -- Um . -- maybe . Or we eat junk food at home -- Yeah . -- uh , now my husba- , Well , what are some of your , your favorite inexpensive places ? Oh , we 'll go to them all . We sort of take turns . And we , uh I sort of favor the ones , if I have a coupon we can go there and if not we ca n't , because it 's cheaper -- Uh-huh . -- so mine is , monetarily , I guess strongly monetarily based . Uh , we 'll go get pizza and , uh , at Little Caesar 's , although the kids prefer Domino 's . Oh , we are Little Caesar fans here -- Right . -- that 's where we always go , But it 's just a lot cheaper than , than Domino 's , so that 's . We go to Grandy 's quite a bit I would say . Yes , we like Grandy 's , too . McDonald 's , uh , we 've sort of been off of that for a while and no particular reason , and I , maybe we avoided Wendy 's the last few years because our daughter worked there and she never wanted us to show up there -- 