presently practiced . Oh , do , do you feel they are swayed more toward , are you talking about with criminal or civil suits ? I was thinking primarily criminal cases . So , do you think that , I mean the the stereotypical bleeding heart juries -- Yes . -- where they feel sorry . Uh-huh . That 's a concern of mine . Uh , I would feel more comfortable in many cases I think with judges . Uh , you know , doing the sentencing . Uh-huh . The other thing , the only thing that really bothers me about that is I think you know , that a judge can be I , I like the idea of juries of your peers -- Uh-huh . -- uh , in that you , you , you get more personally more than one person making the , making a decision . And second of all , you get a wide variety of background so that , Yeah , my question I guess are they really your peers ? Uh-huh . I 'd -- Uh , -- agree with that . That 's definitely a problem . Uh , too often I think they are not -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , when you , when you are selecting a jury and you are doing it partially if , if not entirely on the basis of which color representation you have -- Uh-huh . -- you know that is a matter of concern to me too . Uh , I think that , uh , in such cases , uh , they are not really looking for unbiased people , but rather for biased . Uh-huh . Uh , now I happen to know several judges and there is one that I would feel uncomfortable but has me- , doing sentencing without the jury . I would feel a little bit uneasy about -- Uh-huh . -- but the other two I feel , uh , would give either you know , the plaintiff or for the defendant the the full benefit of the law . Uh-huh . And I guess that 's what I am concerned with . Yeah , yeah . I , guess I , I definitely agree with you , but sin- , the well , what I do n't like about , uh , sentence , the jury doing the sentencing -- Uh-huh . -- in that I think it becomes a lot less , the , the same crime gets unequal sentences . This is very true . I , uh , I think there is more of an ability of you know , you know for selecting a jury , two different juries that would most of the time come up with the same idea , uh , the same idea versus you know whether he is guilty -- Uh-huh . -- or innocent -- Uh-huh . -- but , I think , I think there would be a large variation in , in trying to gage the the severity of the crime and an appropriate punishment and have that that measure stick across the board . 