Uh-huh . Okay . Well , we vacation a lot . How about you ? . Quite frequently . Uh , I wish we did . Well , we retired early -- Oh , okay . -- so , we 're , we take trips pretty often . Where all you guys go ? Well , we go to Maine every Fall -- Uh-huh . -- then that 's kind of a family visit and a vacation all up and down the coast -- Uh-uh . -- and I have a daughter in Texas and one in New Mexico , so we go out there and we go to Florida -- Uh . -- and down , oh , we were just out recently at the outer banks of North Carolina . All these places that I 've never been . Is that right . Where do you go ? Uh -- What type of vacation ? -- well , it really depends , I mean , uh , seems like I do a lot in the Midwest lately , uh , my , uh , fiancee 's family 's from Wisconsin -- Uh-huh . -- and so we 've been out there a couple of times and , uh , I , uh , went to Purdue for a couple of years , so I 've gone up to Indianapolis on occasion to visit friends -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , uh , I 'm a real big baseball fan so I usually try to combine it with , uh , catching a couple of games somewhere . Uh-huh . What club do you follow ? I 'm , uh , I 'm a big Red Sox fan , Red S- , good , but , uh , I , uh , me too . uh , you 're a Red Sox fan too ? Yeah , uh-huh . I usually try to catch whoever 's in town though , I do n't specifically , I , you know , go to Cleveland to see them play , Uh-huh . the Indians or the Red Sox , uh , uh , that 's about it , we do n't , I mean , we do a lot of little trips around here , uh , and , uh , Ever go up in Pennsylvania in the mountains or , Not that much . We 've gone out to , um , uh , a place in western Pennsylvania called Falling Water . Oh . Uh , have you ever heard of it ? I 've heard of it . I 've never been there . Yeah , it 's , it 's really neat . It 's this house built on , on a waterfall and it 's , uh , really cool . Uh-huh . Um , of course , we keep picking crummy weather to go out there , uh , the first time we went out there was , uh , the day after hurricane Hugo had come through . Gee . So , I mean they , they did n't have any power and it was really cold and , and rainy and , uh , we went up about a year later 