It 's a little more convenient , but , you 're , I guess you 're not as dedicated if you do n't drive over to do it . I guess it depends on the person , depends on how motivated you are . Uh-huh . Because my husband used to work out three days a week with , uh , at the Texas Instruments gym . Uh-huh . And then I would just go on Saturdays . But , since the first of the year neither one of us have been going . Yeah . So , I guess , like I say , we 've been paying these fees and not going , so it 's kind of a waste of money if you do n't take advantage of it . Yeah , I think you really have to be disciplined . Yeah . I , uh , I try to work out at least a couple of times a week , and I think you really have to , at least twice a week , just to maintain the shape that you 're in . Yeah . With the walking , I think they said you need to walk at least twelve miles a week for it to be aerobically beneficial . Uh-huh . And we , I have two friends , that we walk . They have babies that are about the same ages as , as mine , and we 've been walking every morning at , going when it was cold we would go to the mall because you ca n't take the babies out -- Yeah . -- very easily . So we , when we go , we have about , do about fifteen miles a week , but the last little while , for one reason or another , we have n't been real consistent . So it 's a little harder when you 're depending on other people to do it with you -- Uh-huh . -- because you have to meet their schedules as well , but -- Sure . -- but I enjoy doing it more when I 've got other people with me . You know , I usually do it because I want to , because I know it 's good for me , not because , I do n't feel obligated to do it . I enjoy it . If I feel too obligated to do it , I start to rebel , and I wo n't be as consistent with it . Yeah , I understand . Did you exercise between your first child and your second ? I exercised pretty well up until I found , uh , until I was pregnant , and I started having pains . So I 've calmed down everything except , I was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the , um , walking , Yeah . And I had to stop the aerobics because it was just kind of painful . But the T I rec center has an aerobics program for , for , um , prenatal and postnatal aerobic type thing . Um . 