They , they do n't really want them around but they like them around because they do all the menial labor and such . Uh-huh . But they , they really do , they look down on them . And , I do n't know , being , I , I live in , uh , Vermont and being up here we pretty much treat everybody , you know , as someone that has merit , even if they 're poor , or if they 're Hispanic or if they 're black . We give everybody pretty much the benefit of a doubt because we do n't see all the crime and , all the hurt in the big cities , you know . Uh-huh . I- , if I lived in Washington , D C I think I 'd have a different attitude about Black people because I 've heard that it , it , the , they 're terrible , you know , it 's just like it 's a dog eat dog world . And here , you know , all , all my black friends are professionals and they 're , they do n't , you know , they do n't go out and abuse drugs and they , they send their kids to school and they , they , they uh , you know really encourage them to go to college and stuff . Uh-huh . So it 's just a different world . Well I live in San Antonio and fifty percent of the population is minority . Oh , um , I talked to someone about San Antonio , Uh-huh . and , um , they said that they , they have , you have quite the problem with , uh , the ghettos , I do n't know , do they call it the barrio down there . That 's the barrios but i- , it 's , it 's I do n't think it 's any different of a problem than any other major city . It 's just Hispanics here instead of Blacks . Yeah , but I heard that sa- , San Antonio , unlike like , like a city like San Diego it se- , it just has a really bad problem . I grew up outside of Houston and I do n't think , uh , as far as gang violence and things , I do n't think it 's any worse here than in Houston . Yeah , like say Houston . Now I would , now me not even knowing anything about Houston , I would think that it 's a pretty calm city . Houston is not at all . No , huh , there 's a lot of crime ? Yes there 's quite a bit of crime . 