Bye . So we 're , uh , our discussion 's about , uh , the care of the elderly ? That 's right , that 's right . You know , what , what , uh , what do you think is important ? If you were , uh , I do n't know how , how old you are , but if you had , if you had , uh , parents say or , or , or th- , grandparents , whatever it is , uh , who were ready , who , who you thought might benefit from a nursing home , what do you think you would look for ? Uh , well I , actually my dad 's , my dad 's almost ninety and -- Huh . -- he lives by himself and he 's in good shape . Yeah . Uh , but , uh , some friends of mine have , uh , gone through this . I think I 'd look for a home where they got a lot of attention and , uh , where they did some things to try to keep them , um , mentally alive . Yeah . And where there was , uh , caring and compassionate , where there were caring and compassionate people , uh , operating it . Do -- Huh . -- you have any experience with this yourself ? Well my , uh , uh , my wife 's grandmother -- Uh-huh . -- is in a nursing home in , uh , Minnesota and we go there , uh , once a year . We see , we tend to see her there cause we 're in Boston so we 're pretty far away . When we visit Minnesota though we go to see her . Uh-huh . And it seems , uh , I mean the , the environment there , I do n't know too much about it but it , it seems nice enough . Uh , it , it 's hard , at least half of the residents I would say are not , not mentally sound . So it 's hard to tell how much of that rubs off on those who are struggling to r , to retain , uh , clarity , say , uh , you know . From the lack of stimulation , you mean . Yeah . Well I , I don- , I do n't know . We , we also , my wife and I , uh , uh , volunteer to go to a , uh , nursing home that 's just a mile from our house . We , uh , she goes more often than I . We used to go once a month , once every two months to visit some of the patients there . And we 'd take , we have a two year old son and so we , sometimes we 'd take him with us . And , uh , there I would say it 's the same thing . It 's , it 's a nice , uh , relatively nice environment but again , um , it must be depressing for the people who , who are , who are just e- , e- , essentially not able to take care of themselves in their own house but , but , certainly , uh , certainly have ar , ar , are , have retained all of their , uh , mental skills and so on . 