That 's good . I 've , I do n't think we 've gone that far MUMBLEx , to pay it in ad- , you know , in advance before we spend it , but , I guess if you foresaw that you were going to have to use it , that , like that , Well , I found -- that may be good . -- I found in , um , in traveling overseas -- Uh-huh . -- that , uh , often it would , uh , it would expedite things to have an American Express credit card -- Oh really . -- for hotel bills and so forth . Yeah . Plus I would , uh , when they , uh , would send the bill , they would automatically convert to the exchange rate . Right , right . So , now , the only time that got to be a problem was , if the exchange rate changed drastically . Uh-huh . Uh , for example , I remember on one trip to France when I started planning the trip , I think , uh , a dollar was worth nine or ten Uh-huh . And whe , when I finally got over there , it had fallen , uh , two or three francs to the dollar . So the , Wow . So , I got caught a little short -- Wow . -- in that regard , but , uh -- Yeah . -- uh , I , I was anticipating , you know , my room would cost , uh , let 's say if it were , say sixty or seventy francs a night -- Right . -- that would mean it would be about ten dollars or so , or maybe twenty dolls- , maybe it would be more than that . It was more than . It would average out to thirty-five or forty dollars a night -- Right . -- which is a reasonable rate . Right . But then when I got back and I was working for the government at the time -- Uh-huh . -- of course the government was several months behind in , Right , yeah . their , on its per diem for exchange rate . Right . So there 's a little consternation , you know , in trying to get them to compensate , Yeah . for the difference in the exchange rate . Right . Yeah especially , That was the only time I really got caught short . And I , Yeah . But as I said , most , most of all I try not to use them , uh , to any , you know , lavishly , in that regard . Yeah , well tha- , that 's good . Well , from where are you calling ? 