and we just had , uh , a real big cocaine bust , and of course , you know , they 're , they 're playing it up real big that it was , looked like it was a very , very small ring and they just happened to get lucky and catch the guy . Yeah . But , I mean , uh , Baltimore has , uh , an all time record for the number of deaths so far this year . I think they 've got over a hundred dead already this year . Last year it was D C , I guess Baltimore caught them . Well , it 's kind of , it 's kind of moved up and you have to remember that it , it , it , uh , there 's , I think , X number of people out there that are going to commit murders , Uh-huh . and , uh , once you kill off a few of them , Yeah . I mean if you murder a guy because he murdered your partner or something like that , I mean pretty soon you run out of people to murder . Yeah , the only consolation is so many of the murders are , you know , the , the violent people going against each other and so they , you know , society 's not going to put them to death , well at least maybe the guy they cross next time is going to . Uh , I think , I think capital punishment is an appropriate punishment for the kind of people where we say , you know , this sort of person is just not acceptable to our society and we are there by going to remove them from society , not temporarily , but permanently . Yeah . I mean , I , I personally think life imprisonment , I do n't think much of li- , of life imprisonment . First of all , it 's never , turns out to be life , but second , you know , why should we , the idea of life imprisonment with no chance of parole . Well that means you 're going to put them in a cage you think it 's never ever going to be safe for them to walk the streets again , well then , why bother . Just execute them , because that 's , that way you 're sure they 'll never ever going to walk the streets again . Yeah . So any , any , anybody that says life in prison with no chance of parole , I 'd say , uh , give them the death penalty . So , . Yeah , you know , it makes sense , um , you know , you have the occasional person who may have been falsely accused , but I mean , uh , so few and far between , uh , you know , makes good T V movies and that 's about it . Yeah , and , and also , um , the , the thing I do n't like about a lot of these court trials and a lot of these appeals is that it 's not based on what is true and what is false but rather it 's on the rules of evidence , what can I hide and what do I have to tell . Yeah . And I think our courts should be geared much more strongly towards finding out the truth than they currently are . Yeah . And , and that way we can be sure , you know , 