On the piers ? Uh-huh . It 's on about -- Did , -- uh , twenty-two inch piers , something like that . You had those poured -- So . -- or you did them yourself ? Uh , no , those , those are , we did those ourselves so . You just put forms in the ground and fill them with concrete ? Yeah . Huh . Exactly , so . It 's , Well , the last thing I did completely myself was an outside deck which I was pretty proud of . Yeah , those ar , those are , we 'd , I 've done one , I helped somebody do one of those before . Those are , those are , you know , you can buy them in kits but we did n't do that way . But it 's , No I designed it from scratch and did it -- Yeah . -- did a pretty good job . Those are nice . They 're pretty forgiving , you know . You can always tear stuff out and redo it . It 's a , Yeah , yeah . That 's not near , like building a house or anything but , Yeah , those are nice . Especially when you get done , you 've got something , you know . I do n't know , I like them . You just sit down on -- Yeah . -- on the deck and do whatever . Have -- I -- -- a barbecue or , -- I built it two levels and with a big toy box and some benches and , uh , a backrest and all that stuff . I , Yeah , that sounds nice . All done by yourself , huh ? I had -- Designed , -- a friend with a tractor who dug the pier holes so we could pour concrete and support it with a , a nice firm four by four posts . And , uh -- Yeah . -- and then the rest of it I just did . A , a contractor friend helped me , uh , with some of the , uh , foundation work but , uh , it was pretty , it was about four or five hundred square feet . The same size as the addition that I just put on so . Yeah . That 's pretty , that 's a good size deck . Yeah . So , yeah . That 's , It 's , uh , not that expensive . I think it cost me three dollars a square foot and , uh , you know , no less than that . Yeah . That 's not , Co , cost me about five hundred dollars , six hundred dollars all together . Yeah , that 's good . That 's not bad at all . 