but I lean towards , Oh , yeah . if it 's premeditated or if it 's , uh , kind of a habitual or , or a habit that , uh , a tendency that people , uh , may get into , then I guess I do n't really have a problem with it . Yeah , that 's , that 's kind of the way I feel . If , if you 've got a guy who 's , who 's been to trial and has been in and out of jail , you know , basically a , a three time loser for the twelfth time , you know , and he goes out and kills somebody , he 's not going to be reformed , he 's not going to get any better , you know , it 's , it 's not going to , it 's just not going to get any better . And , and the only thing , you know , a lot of people have the opinion that , you know , do n't , do n't have capital punishment , but give them life in jail and , you know , I could go along with that , if , if I could be assured that it would be their natural life in jail and not parole after ten , Yeah . or twelve years . Yeah , I think that 's what aggravates a lot of people , is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty , and they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months . . Uh-huh . Yeah , it 's , it 's just our criminal system is just so , I guess , overloaded , but the , you know , the , the problem is not so much with the prison system , you know , I mean , because the , the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws , and the prison system are just , you know , they 're trying to cope with them , but , you know , the thing about capital punishment i- , I , you know , a lot of people do n't think it would be a deterrent , uh , to , to future crime , and the way it is now , it 's not . No . Because , you know , you , if like the State of Texas , for example , may , uh , you know , may execute somebody twice a year . You know , that 's , that 's no kind of deterrent because we , we 've got literally hundreds of people on death row , and , and many of them who have been there for literally for ten or fifteen years -- Right . -- on death row , and that 's , that 's certainly no kind of deterrent , and I would tend to agree with anybody who says right now that it , it 's not a terrent , a deterrent , because it 's not . No , it 's not . You think of your chances of getting the death penalty after cre- , uh , committing a crime are really pretty slim right now . And you can , Oh , yeah . probably spend , uh , a lot of time , uh , or maybe eventually , uh , just waiting it out , Uh-huh . and that 's where a lot of aggravation comes , I think , is , is , uh , these guys spend so much time in the appeal process or just in the waiting process , Uh-huh . they may spend years , and , you know , the last I heard it was costing ten , twenty , thirty thousand dollars a year , uh , MUMBLEx . to keep these guys waiting . Yeah , it , it 's amazing . There 's , uh , there 's a girl I work with , our secretary , as a matter of fact , her , her father was murdered , her father and three other guys up here in Sherman . And the , uh , the guy , that they tried and convicted and sentenced him to death , you know , he 's been on death row for like eight years . Yeah . And , you know , this , this was her father , uh , you know , that , that got killed , you know , just cold-blooded murder , him and three other people , 