one of those , uh , course , one of the shows I saw was taking it from the angle that , since it does n't effect men , it 's not going to get funded . And , uh , having thought about that for a while , What did you think about that idea ? Well , I , I kind of , I thought , well , that , that might be possible since there are a lot of men in control of that kind of thing . But then I got , I got to thinking , the , the number one killer of men seems to be the prostate and there 's only one test that just recently got developed , uh , a blood in- , antigen , uh , antibody test for the antigen in the blood and that 's fairly recent . And yet men have been dying from prostate cancer for years . They 've not really given it attention either , yeah . So it 's not really cured , yeah , it 's not , uh , not that heavily funded either and then that seems to be one of the , the major , uh , problems that men have in the realm of cancer , so , I do n't know . I , I guess there 's just some strange public opinion as to who they want to give to . Uh , be it through different organizations , March of Dimes type , uh , telethons or , or bicycle rides or whatever , how they fund whatever , uh , illness they wish . Right . It 's kind of hard to , to get an even keel on that . I mean , it 's really hard to say , well , there 's , you know , a hundred thousand per year affected by this one so let 's give it this amount , and then this other one 's only a tenth of that , so give it a tenth of that and , and just keep doling it out that way or , Well , I 'm , I 'm glad I 'm not the one that 's , that 's in charge of , of making those decisions . They , uh , you wish that there could just be money for all these problems because they 're all so serious , you know . I mean it 's not so serious , I guess , until it affects your family and then all of a sudden it 's the most important thing . Right . So I , I would hate to have that responsibility just personally but , but then , again , we really , we really do have it as a society to decide which things we need to address . I , uh , I guess I , it , it frightens me to think of so many people with , with AIDS and with cancer and many of those things , uh , if they 're not able to , to be insured then the country 's going to pay for it one way or the other . Right . Whether it 's through prevention or , or treatment or , you know , just , uh , just helping the people when they are not able to take care of themselves . 