Well , let me just start by asking what you think of this Middle East affair we 've got going on ? I think that it 's time that we concentrate more on what 's going on within our own borders than what 's going on in the Middle East . I have to agree with you there . I , uh , I think that , uh , for once , we should , we should n't even be at , at these Mid East talks because , with the exception of our hostages , we really do n't have too much of a , uh , real in- , we should n't have too much of a real interest in deciding whose land it is . Just let these people fight it out -- I agree . -- you know , we 've got so many domestic problems , and , and what does it cost these people over there , you know . Absolutely . Oh , so how about the Soviet Union . What do you think 's going to happen there . The break ups ? I think that 's great . Um , I 'm glad to see that , but I , again , I do n't want to see us pour a whole lot of economic aid into the Soviet Union without a , uh , well , uh , a whole lot under any circumstances because I , I do n't know , I 'm , I 'm a believer in the old adage that if somebody earns something it 's worth more to them than if you give it to them , and so , I 'm , I 'm not much in favor of it , but I 'm glad to see us advising them -- Uh-huh . -- that does n't seem to cost a whole lot of money . That 's right , that 's right . But I 'm ready to have a President elected that at least has some sort of a domestic agenda , even if it does n't work , at least he is somebody who , who is working on that problem . And I , I have n't seen that in the last eleven years , so -- Well , all I 've seen . -- they do n't seem to have a clue . Reagan obviously was n't too concerned with the domestic side of , of , of his political affairs . I , I think Bush 's kind of followed suit . Um , international is important , but , uh , we 've got a budget deficit that just wo n't go away unless it gets seriously addressed . Uh , you know , and then there 's the homeless issue , and there really is a lot we could be doing stateside without , uh , hurting our international aspects or straining any international relations I think , and we would n't have to spend the billions and billions of dollars each year that we 're spending . Oh , I agree . I just , I think we got , once we started economic aid overseas we have really set ourselves up to be sort of the , the world bank , and -- Right . -- as far as aid is concerned , and I think there 's a limit , and we passed it a long time ago . I agree . We 've been writing off way too many bad debts -- Yeah . That 's another thing I do n't understand is , is , is things like selling technology and , uh , even military hardware to foreign governments and then forgiving their debt -- 