We go wh- , more for the , uh , Chinese -- Me too . -- and Italian -- Uh-huh . -- and stuff like that . Mexican , stuff -- Mexican , uh-huh . -- that I ca n't cook . Uh , we do too . We do the same . Yeah . What are your favorite places ? Um , well , I like Chinese food . Uh-huh . Um , there 's a little place down on , what is that ? Coit Road , um , Chinese Pavilion or something . Uh-huh . That is really good and I like it . And , um , I do , I do like Chinese buffets . Oh , yeah . Well , we go , we 've gone to August Moon and we think that was real good -- Uh-huh . -- but our favorite when you have a little more to spend , is to go to Taiwan or May Dragon . Uh-huh . And those are excellent . They 're really a nice place you could take someone to eat . Right . It 's not the , the rinky Chinese decorations -- Uh-huh . -- but it 's a very elegant nice place to eat . Uh-huh . We go , very , very often we go out for fajitas . That 's my husband has just gotten stuck . Oh . And we go to On the Border . Uh-huh . And lots of places that have , uh , I think MUMBLEx and some of those and get fajitas , and he 'll just eat chips until we 've got three or four baskets coming back . Uh-huh . And then , uh , last weekend we went out for Italian also , and for some reason the cooler weather makes me tend to want to go eat lasagna and garlic bread . Right , uh-huh . Uh-huh . So , we went to El Sorrento . Ha , yeah , have you ever , um -- It was fun . -- tried Pappasito 's ? You know , what ? This is , that 's real funny you said that because we were coming back Sunday on Central from church and Bob pointed to it and he said , `` I keep hearing good things about that place , we 're going to have to go . '' Oh , it is delicious . That 's what he , tha- , in fact , you 're about the third or fourth person in the last month that said that . Uh-huh . So I guess we 'll have to do it . It 's , you always stand in line when you go -- That 's what it , that 's what -- -- but it 's worth the wait . -- D MAGAZINE said that . It said there was always a line . Uh-huh . But that 's probably , I mean that 's a good , that 's a good sign . Uh-huh . And have you ever tried , um , the Macaroni Grill up on , Yes , we did . Now , my kids did n't like it because they just wanted to get plain old spaghetti -- Uh-huh . -- or lasagna , and most of those things were a little more northern Italy . Right . 