I 'm telling you , but , um , he really does cook and it 's a good thing because , you know , you ca n't , you ca n't knock that . No . But all these other guys do too , and so we 've gotten together and we just do these really elaborate gourmet meals . And it 's really , really kind of a neat thing to do . You , How often do you meet ? Well , we try , I mean , because you know everybody is so active with their kids and all that . It 's like , you know , if we can do it once every six months , we 're doing well . Oh , yes , yes . Yeah . So , I mean we originally started out , you know , when we were younger -- Uh-huh . -- and did n't have so much stuff going on with the kids . Um , then we would , we tried to do it every other month , Yeah . but lately it 's just been once every six months . Oh . Well , that 's much more reasonable . I was involved in a , a club like that for , um , that , you know , where we tried to really do gourmet , uh , meals . Yeah . And , uh , we , we were a little bit too frequent I think . Oh . I do n't remember if we were once a month or anyway it was , it was difficult . By the time we went around it was , uh , four couples so , uh , by the time we got around , uh , to each of us and it was time again , we were almost tired , you know . Really , really . Um , partly because , um , wh- , gourmet cooking is not particularly conducive for regular dining . It 's too rich . Oh , it is absolutely . And , so , i- , we found that while we enjoyed the evening we regretted it the next day . Yeah . Um , so , uh , we , we kind of , and then one of the couples , uh , moved and so we sort of did n't , did n't continue it , but , um , and I must admit that as you say when your children start taking up your time , then you , you do n't have as much time for , uh , regular entertaining , but , um , uh , uh , when , when we entertain I usually try to find something that will be , um , kind of h- , good for everybody and that 's , Right . that sometimes means you ca n't do gourmet , Oh , yeah . because depending on who your guests are . Well , yeah , that 's true . And we have a gourmet friend that ca n't stand fish so I mean he can get within , Oh , yeah , well , one of my friends does n't eat any cheese at all . Oh , my . Uh , so that 's a real problem because so many dishes require cheese . Oh , yeah . Uh , well , I take that back . Uh , she ca n't eat some cream cheese . But that , that really limits , It sure d- , um , it makes you , uh , keep looking for recipes every time you have an eye out , Oh , yeah . for something like , 