It 's , it 's generally being alone is not a very desirable state , at least officially . Okay . Um , so there 's not , I mean , doors do n't have latches on them . People do n't tend to knock , you just , if there 's a door closed and you open it because it 's in your way you , people walk in out and , as a , as a westerner in India , and I was often surprised , Oh . That , that would be , and felt my sense of privacy there was quite invaded . That would be culturally shocking . You know , it very much is . But on the other hand , I realized I could go out on the street and act like a complete lunatic , Uh-huh . and people would leave , Uh-huh . me alone . Whereas in this country where everyone respects the closed doors very much , if you go out and then act like the lunatic you , you violate the , uh , the norms of social , of , um , public behavior . Um , people start paying attention to you very much and they start asking questions and in the sense are invite- , invade , invading your privacy although , if you know what the social norms are , you know , quote unquote , you asked for it . But it does mean that you have yet another reason to follow a set of social norms . Yes . And which is n't of , always the case in all cultures , and it was n't until I was thinking about it just now that I realized that 's actually something that 's culturally relative . Tha- , that is true . I have n't thought about that and , and that it 's fascinating to , to think a lot of someone who does n't know how to say private . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And that 's really , um , well , I mean , I , I wonder how people have sex , and things like that , I mean , they a- , , you go to India and it 's obvious , you know , the results of sex are quite obvious , , as the population goes up an extra hundred million every few years . Um , but I , I just do n't quite , um , there 's hope , I actually for al- , of the time I 've spent there , I still do n't quite understand how certain things that I assume and require privacy and require not just that you be alone but actually that you have a sense of privacy . Yes . Because anyone can be alone for some period of time but for me a lot of what I do requires a sense that there 's this invisible barrier around me which people wil , Yes . will respect . And if that 's gone , um , I , I really do n't know how to live very well , and I wonder , I really do wonder how people do that . That 's interesting . Are th- , are there any other specific things that , that you feel like , where , where you feel your privacy to be invaded on a day-to-day basis or either on a growing frequency ? All the class , the other classic examples , the Jehovah 's Witness or , or Mormons or someone knocking at the front door , um , which is more intrusive because I have to really tell someone to go away . And there 's that sense of , I have now opened my door they now see what I look like , what I live like and nor- , and they 're doing something that normally I really only invite , Okay . people to . Because I , any , anyone , any friend , anyone I give my number to is welcome to call me , but no one is just welcome to come by my house . So that is more of a sense of invasion . So , that 's another example of the invasion because of the not so ... 