-- Madison has one of the nicest , uh , bike , uh , road , uh , sharing programs of , of any city in Wisconsin -- Oh , really . -- and all Wisconsin has probably the most extensive number of , uh , bike trails for recreational use -- Uh-huh . -- of any of the states . Uh-huh . And there is a , a real promotion of , of biking -- Uh-huh . -- but , um , there are still a lot of people who insist on , on driving their own automobiles -- Right . -- uh , to go everywhere . I find that a little irritating , because -- Uh-huh . -- I do n't think it 's always so necessary . Yeah , yeah , it , it becomes , uh , maybe to you and I who have grown up in some in , uh , uh , some more beautiful parts of the country , uh , I think that , that , uh , we become a little more aware , uh , rather quickly of , of what 's happening with air pollution and how , uh , how horrible it really is . Um , I , I notice people in , in Dallas seem to say , Well , sure , there 's air pollution , but , you know , really , how bad is , how bad could this problem really be . Send , send them to Wisconsin , and we 'll let them try to drink out of some of the lakes -- Oh really . -- and try to fish in some of the lakes that have been suffering from , uh , the , uh , acid rain -- Uh-huh . -- and -- Uh-huh . -- they 'll , they 'll , they may wake up , you know , how 'd you like to own a piece of property where your lake is going sour -- Right . -- because of acid rain . Right . It 's , uh , really a serious issue for those of us up in this , uh , sector up , up here . Do you find that , um , or , or do you hypothesize that , that most of the , uh , smog or , or air pollution comes from vehicles or does it come mostly from industry up there ? I think it 's mostly vehicles -- Yeah . -- although it does come from some of the industry of , of the Gary area -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- that causes the acid rain . That I 'm a little uncertain of , but -- Uh-huh . -- I do know that , uh , it is a problem . Uh-huh . I had talked with my parents . I , I grew up , uh , I was born in , uh , Muncie , Indiana , and , and grew up a little bit in Terre Haute , and I had asked them before , uh , I went back to visit recently , about a year ago , and I asked them , I said , did you ever realize the air pollution that was , 