he , we have all our piles of , of recyclables also . Uh-huh . I remember at Christmas the , the only thing that I 'm , when you were talking about the composting , the only thing that our city did that was they di- , uh , provided a place for us to take our Christmas trees . Uh-huh . Uh , to for them to mulch . Yeah . For , for city use . Well , that 's , they just put all our Christmas trees in the regular , uh , compost , Uh-huh . pickup so they did say that you had to put it out within , I think it was , uh , three weeks after , Uh-huh . Christmas . Right . And , uh , otherwise you would have to treat it like you would any other lawn refuse . It would have to be cut into four-foot lengths . So , you know , if we have branches or something , Uh-huh . they have to be cut in four-foot lengths , but otherwise , uh , they have to be in one of their paper bags . Well , that sounds like you all really have a , a great system worked out there . And they even picked up our , uh , Styrofoam pl- , packing materials . They brought , uh , the week after Christmas they left a plastic bag on everybody 's front doorknob with a little note on it saying , we 're trying something new next week only , Uh-huh . if you have any , uh , of those little , uh , Styrofoam peanuts that , Uh-huh . any of your Christmas presents were packed in , put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling and we 'll , uh , take all of those back and try to recycle them . Right . Well , see that 's one , But I , that 's not going to be a regular feature . That was just a one time thing right after Christmas . Well , the , but , uh , something nee , does need to be done about the Styrofoam that , uh , Well , those things must take up a huge amount of space in landfills . Oh , yeah , I mean , they do n't , uh , uh , They do n't mash . No . They do n't compress at all . And they stay forever . Right . And I 've seen where some places have taken a plastic and , uh , they 're recycling them into other plastics . Uh-huh . And the Styrofoam also into insulation and things like that and I think that would be great if they could get something organized along those lines . Yeah , I do too . The difficulty with that is that very few people have enough to make it worthwhile . It , they really have to rely on businesses that generate a lot of that stuff . Right . Uh , because otherwise , uh , you know , they 're not going to go house-to-house collecting it , 