-- from what was really a , a small town to a city . Well , with all the , uh , Central Expressway , uh , with all the stores and the , uh , restaurants and the -- Uh-huh . -- uh , convenience stores and all that kind of stuff , it 's just prime pickings for people driving by . Yeah . You know and , Well , I was appalled to read the other day about the , uh , uh , shooting on the tollway . That 's , that could n't be too far from you , neither . Uh , well , it 's farther west of me . Okay . I live over near White Rock Lake . Oh , yes , okay . But , uh , uh , it was really frightening to , think that , uh , it 's not even safe to drive onto the tollway , or for those people in the tollbooth . Uh , I never thought about someone robbing those , but , apparently , they do . I do n't know , uh , how a few bucks can be worth shooting somebody but , Yeah , it just does n't seem possible , does it . It 's kind of , kind of stupid , is n't it . Uh-huh . But I guess when people do those things , they do n't really give a thought of the consequences at the time . It 's , looks like -- No . -- easy pickings and away you go , right . Yeah , and I think the drugs play a tremendous part in , uh , the theft and the , the violence that we see . I think you 're right , uh , although I think that may be an excuse for people , too . It , it is convenient , is n't it ? Right . I did n't know what I was doing . Right . That kind . Right , just like the old alcohol idea and -- Uh-huh . -- I think people , uh , I think when you have haves and have nots , you 're always going to find people that are too lazy to figure a way to earn money and find it 's easier if you can get a gun to go out and hold something up -- Uh-huh . -- than it is to figure out a way to legitimately earn the money . Well , yes , and I work in South Dallas for the Dallas School System . Oh , boy . And , uh , uh , Where do you work ? Uh , do you know where Oakland and Hatcher are ? Uh , yes , I think I do . That , uh , is that Amelia Earhart , -hart School there ? Uh , no this is over near Lincoln High School . Okay . Uh , just , not far off South Central Expressway . That 's a pretty rough area there , is n't it ? It is a pretty rough area . We 're over by Fair Park . Oh , my goodness . And , uh , you know , you watch the people . There are marvelous B M W -s and Mercedes and Cadillacs and everything parked all up and down the street outside these awful taverns . Huh . And the kids see that and , uh , they know that they can earn several hundred dollars in a day where , uh , you know , running for , uh , drug dealers if , 