

Well , actually , uh , I , I do n't think I 'm in the , uh , majority of , in , in Texas I do n't think I agree with , Oh really . No . You do n't believe in it ? Uh , I would n't say that . I think I would have said that a few years ago . When I was younger I thought it was , uh , a sign of a civilized society if you did n't have , uh , capital punishment 

but , um , uh , maybe slowly changing my opinion . Yeah . I 'm not thoroughly opposed to it . I still think it 's sort of true that a more civilized society would n't have to use capital punishment but I 'm beginning to believe this is less civilized society than I thought . 

You sound a lot like a friend of mine . A -- Uh-huh . -- a girl I hang out with . She has very , very black and white opinions , you know . There 's no gray in her opinions , you know . She , she probably would agree more with you but , but I do n't know . I think I would rather a person go ahead and be put down than give them the opportunity to get out and do it again . I 've never had a , a punishment or a , a crime like a murder touch my immediate family -- Uh-huh . -- but I still feel very strongly that capital punishment is a good way to , to punish , especially criminals who seem to have absolutely no remorse for what they 've done . Yeah . And we see that more and more . Like in our state right now , there 's a fourteen year old boy who raped and then killed a seven year old girl -- Uh-huh . -- you know , that 's fourteen years old . What 's he going to be doing when he turns into an adult . Yeah . I certainly do n't , uh , advocate turning people like that loose . Yeah . I 'm not sure executing them , uh , does anymore than keeping them in jail , but , uh , No it does n't but , it costs less . Yeah . That , that 's a factor . And , yeah , to me it is . I mean , I work and I pay my taxes and I lived out in Texas for a little while and they 're and that 's a pretty heavy state compared to Georgia . 

I mean you guys are , are a lot more , uh , for to each his own even than we are in Georgia . Right . But even in Georgia that 's the attitude for the most part . If I work and pay my dues -- Uh-huh . -- you work and pay your dues and we 'd get along just fine . Yeah . But when I 've got to work to pay my dues and your dues -- Yeah . -- then I do n't like you very much anymore . Yeah . 

Well , I , the cost is something but it 's , but I think it 's relatively unimportant compared to what 's the most effective way of , dealing with crime and I guess I would like , I do n't know , the European countries certainly , uh , none of them have capital punishment and they -- Oh , really . -- they do n't have a crime problem either . No , you ca n't , they do n't execute anybody in Britain or France and I do n't believe they do in Germany or Italy either and they do n't have the crime problems we do . I do n't really think that there is too much of a relationship between the two . Yeah . I guess what worries me about capital punishment is , uh , when I see people enthusiastic about it and , uh , uh , sort of bloodthirsty . I think it brings out the worst in the , in the people who do the punishing and the , that , that bothers me . You might be right . But it , but , uh , 

I mean I , I 'd hate to be the person to pull the switch , you know , I would never in a million years want that job -- Huh . -- but I do believe it 's necessary and I , Yeah . On the one hand I , I guess I admire the person who has the guts to do it because I could n't -- Huh . -- I could n't stand behind a gun and shoot somebody for nothing and I could n't pull the switch but , uh , Well actually I , wha , 

the other thing that bothers me is when it becomes a political issue because I do n't really think it , uh , I do n't really think it 's a very important aspect of fighting crime or law and order or anything else . I think it just becomes a , uh , symbolic I 'm tougher than you are type of emotional issue for politicians so -- Yeah . -- I would like for it to be settled once for all and , uh , get in the background while the more important issues get discussed , uh , uh , Right . Like I said , some years ago , I think I would have said there 's no place for capital punishment in the , civilized western country . Uh-huh . Now I 'm , I 'm not so sure of that . I 'm , I , I would n't vote against somebody just because it was for capital punishment and -- What -- -- nor the other way around . 

-- what 's making you become more convinced that it might be a good way of punishing ? Uh , I guess I 'm , I 'm , my view of , uh , my , I 'm beginning to believe that some people are simply not rehabilitatable and , uh , that , uh , uh , costs and other factors justify , uh , uh , executing people . Yeah . Maybe it 's more a symbolic gesture that , uh , uh , than anything else and , uh , I 've also never been a victim although I have some , I have two friends whose wives were murdered and , uh -- Oh , gosh . -- I can imagine that , uh , uh , for some people it would be the only form of justice in that case . Oh yes , if it ever touched my fam- , 