

Okay , all set , then . Uh , what do you think about it ? Uh , I think it 's a real good concept . Uh , drug testing procedures would have to be refined . Uh-huh . From what I 've seen on the news , there 's a , a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy , poor procedure in , uh , drug testing . Oh , I did n't realize that . Yeah . Uh , there have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their , in their , uh , test , but they did n't know for sure what it was , but it was a drug , so they got turned down and , uh , turns out it was a prescription . Or people getting somebody else 's blood test . Uh-huh . Same sort of problem that happens -- Okay . -- sometimes is these , some of these , uh , like AIDS tests and such . Uh-huh , yeah , that 's right , I have heard , 

uh , I do n't remember what they call it , sort of like a positive , negatives or some , some kind of word they use when a , uh , you get a , uh , a positive indication of drugs , but there 's not really , there were n't really any there . Yeah . Uh , every now and then there 's an error and people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated . Oh , yeah . Yeah . I , I work here at Texas Instruments so , uh , we , we do a , let me think , do we , yeah , everyone coming in . I guess I did three years ago . Yeah . Everyone coming in , uh , goes through the drug testing procedure and -- Uh-huh . -- they talk about it as a , you know , as , as better for the country and better for the working conditions . So -- Yeah . -- if they , uh , they test for drugs . I , I 'm , I ca n't even remember if we do random sampling anymore . I know we did in the military , but -- Yeah . -- I do n't know if once you 're in they continue to do it , but I guess you 're always on call for it . Yeah , I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart -- Uh-huh . 

-- and about a year and a half ago they instituted a , uh , a , uh , drug testing program , uh , well drug and alcohol testing program . It 's , it 's not a random -- Uh-huh . -- through the s- , it , as each employee comes in -- Uh-huh . -- part of the hiring procedure is a , a blood test . Uh , but -- B- , -- MUMBLEx I think the big problem , though , is , is they send these off to large labs -- Uh-huh , right . -- and then they have thousands and thousands of samples that , uh , going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up , things like that . So your big beef with it is the , uh , 

It 's MUMBLEx . Is , is , it 's a good idea , but like you said the drug testing procedures need to be defined a little better . Yeah . Make sure it 's a lot safer because a couple of people are going to be discriminated against unfairly or whatever . Yeah , I -- Yeah . -- I , I tend to agree with you David . Yeah , my brother , uh , brother used to work for Wal-Mart and then , I do n't know if he still does or what because I do n't know if Sam 's is actually part of it , but he , you know -- Yeah . -- is working at Sam 's now . Yeah , Sam 's is part of Wal-Mart . Okay , yeah , then he 's been working for the company for a while , too . He , uh , Yeah . Good company , uh , Oh , yeah . You all , uh , have some , 

he 's -- Company 's , that was a great place to work . -- telling me about good profit sharing and all that , so . Uh-huh . It 's good news . Yeah , they got to had two or three years in with them you can start buying stock and you have a , have a little taken out of your check each , each payday to -- Uh-huh . -- put against , uh , uh , stock portfolio . Uh-huh . Uh , not portfolio , just , you know , against Wal-Mart stock . But , uh , you can build a pretty fair amount of stock after a while . Yeah , that 's what my brother was telling me . That 's good , good new- , good deal . Well , uh , how long were we s- , I have n't done this in a couple months . How long were we supposed to discuss for ? Uh , you 're supposed to get five minutes . Okay , 

we got a couple more minutes then , I guess . Uh , think what else I can say about that . Uh , Uh , do you have any idea , uh , let 's see , 

you were , you were tested for drugs as you got into T , as , as you got into T I ? Right , uh , everyone coming in gets , goes through the drug test . Yeah . Uh , now , uh , were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through or , Uh , no , well , let me think about that . Yeah , it was after , I w- , I had already been hired . Uh , Okay . Yeah , you get hired , then you come in the first , I , seems to me I remember that , uh , I was hired , came in and went through some orientation and I thought I , boy , I ca n't remember . 

That would seem strange to already be working here in the first week of the drug test . Maybe it was during the interview . I came up a couple times for an interview , so it 's hard for me to remember where I was when all that happened . But , uh , I guess , just like other companies , other friends I 've been hearing about that have been moving around , it 's , it 's before . They have to wait for the drug test to come in before you actually get employment , so I 'm -- Yeah . -- sure that happened to me , too . Yeah . What , what about , oh , they just instituted it there at Wal-Mart -- Yeah . -- so , They , they , it was after I was already working there and they were n't testing any of those who were already working . Right . So , 