

do you have a P C ? Yes , I have a Macintosh S E thirty . Uh-huh . Yeah , a lot of my friends are into Macintoshes . I have a , um , P C , a I B M P C myself . Uh-huh . 

A two eighty-six . I 'm probably eventually going to get a three eighty-six . Um . What do you use yours for mostly ? 

Um , mostly , um , word processing applications and , uh , just as a dumb terminal . Uh-huh . Um , but I , um , I think eventually I 'll start using it for spreadsheets and things like that . Um , what do you find that you use yours mostly for ? Well , I do a lot of word processing and spreadsheets and data base , and , uh , about the only thing 

I am , uh , I 'm just starting to get into , uh , a little bit more communications now . I 've just today ordered a fax modem so I 'll be able to -- Uh-huh . -- send and receive faxes right over there without using , you know , you do n't have to make a hard copy that way . Uh-huh . Uh , are you using windows ? No , I , I think I , I 'm planning on like moving up , getting a three eighty-six before I move up to windows -- Uh-huh . -- although , you know , I do like the , the graphical user environment . Uh-huh . Well , it 's getting to be more and more like a Macintosh . Yeah , 

it 's , um , I want , I want to be able MUMBLEx I just want it more for multi tasking , which I suppose is also like a Macintosh . Uh-huh . Uh . Well , the one thing I used to use a , uh , I 've never used an I B M actually . I used to use a , just an Apple two E , which of course is -- Uh-huh . -- looks pretty primitive now . Yeah , that 's what I learned a lot of languages on , was an Apple two E in my high school . 

But I do n't have any , uh , any real programming capabilities on my , uh , Mac right now . Uh-huh . I do n't have , uh , any compilers -- Uh-huh . -- so I 'm , uh . Well , do you use your computer for , um , just things around the house , or in the MUMBLEx . I use it in my business . Well , see , what do you do ? I , uh , do , uh , consultation and , and testing of various kinds for , uh , English as a second language programs . 

Oh , wow . Um , and , uh , are these like , uh , do these programs , um , are , are they based on , on a , on a , um , other language , or are they based , are they based like a lot of the , um , you know , a lot of the English as a second language classes will have people from all sorts of , you know , parts of the world , and the teacher just tries to , tries to teach English , you know , through natural understanding . That 's , uh , exactly what , yeah , that 's the kind of thing I 'm working with exactly . Uh-huh . You seem to be , uh , better informed than the average person on that . Well , it was just , uh , when I was high school , I worked for the community school , and they had a English second language class 

and it always seemed strange to me that , you know , all these , all these people that , you know , spoke English not too well , and spoke , you know , a variety of different languages were all being taught at the same time . Uh-huh . I imagine it 's a lot harder on a computer because you have to , you know , you do n't have as many cues , you ca n't , do n't have hand gestures and things like that . Right . Well , now , we , uh , 

what I use a computer for is to write materials that -- Uh-huh . -- are later printed , though . Most of the stuff that I do is not , uh , interactive -- Uh-huh . -- and I use it for t- , uh , data analysis on testing , so . Uh , to see how well they retain the vocabulary and things like that . 

Well , just , actually , just , uh , item analysis , statistical analysis of the tests , uh . Uh-huh . You know , when you write a test you have to look at some data from it and see how the different questions are performing -- Uh-huh . -- and find out which ones are discriminating well and which ones are n't -- Uh-huh . -- find out how reliable the test is , you try correlate it with other tests and things of that sort . So it 's , involves a lot of spreadsheet use . Yeah , I would imagine so . 

Um , so , um , what were you doing when you were using an Apple two E ? Well , I was doing some of the same stuff , but doing it more slowly , and with smaller files . I ca n't believe , you know , I 've got , uh , five , uh , megabytes on this one now -- Uh-huh . It , it 's MUMBLEx . -- and on my two E I had a hundred twenty-eight K . Yes , 

it 's amazing , you know , how , how like in the general user community the expectations have just grown so much . I remember my first computer was a T R S eighty with four K on it -- Yeah . -- and you know , then , then we , then I started playing with Apples , you know , and those had forty-eight , or , you know , if they were really great -- Oh , the old -- -- they had sixty-four K . 

-- the old Apple , uh , the , the original Apple had , what , yeah , forty-eight I guess , did n't it . Uh , I know , I know that in my school they had a bunch that had sixteen K on them , is all , and -- My goodness . -- there 's , I remember that there was one game that I played that required forty-eight K and there was only one computer that had forty-eight K on it at the time . Uh-huh . And you know it 's just so amazing that generally , you know , if you , if you , I 'm not sure about Macintoshes , but I know I B M -s , you , you generally , you know , you buy a megabyte at a time . Uh-huh . You know , that 's , that 's your low , that 's the low end . Uh . Well the S P thirty goes up to eight -- Uh-huh . -- but I have n't upgraded it quite that far yet . 

I think probably when I get system seven I may have to do that and , and get another , possibly another hard disk . I do n't know . They say that system seven uses a lot of memory . Uh-huh . Yeah , I imagine MUMBLEx . 