

Are you in the middle of anything ? No . I 'm not in the middle of anything . I 've just , about the last thing I did about maybe , oh , close to a year ago now I guess , I , I helped my dad add on another bedroom on to his house . So , I guess that , The whole thing ? Yeah . That , that was fairly large undertaking . A , a , it 's a bedroom and a walk-in closet and a bathroom all on one side of the house . Did the framing and all ? 

Oh , we did it all except for the sheetrocking . Huh . That was the only thing we did n't , you know , putting the ceiling up and things like that we do n't , we , we were n't sure how to do that and . and I did all the sheetrocking and the interior work . Yeah , that 's the exact opposite . We did all , put the roof up and did all the roofing and the , put all the interior walls up . 

We just did n't do any of the sheetrock wall work and that 's it because you have , you know , get those joints to go together -- Ye- , -- and whatever you have to put in there to get the , s- , to take the gaps out between the sheets -- Yeah . -- and on the ceiling and all that . I di , we did n't know a thing about any of that and so , 

My wife wishes I had n't done that . It 's , it looked very hard to do so , we figured well just , I did n't think we could do it and make it look professional . So , we left it , left it to somebody who does it for a living . But , I think it takes about three or four times before it gets easy . Probably so and I , we 'd never done it so -- Yeah . -- we just left it alone . But that 's , I guess , I 'm only twenty-one 

so I , my , my vast experience of home , home owner 's knowledge is not very much . So it 's just what I have to do , more or less , around the house , you know , for my parents so . Did you , you framed it in f- , uh , on , on , you framed in new square footage or was it stuff that was already , uh , enclosed ? 

It was brand new . Brand new MUMBLEx . We started with the backyard and turned it into part of the house so it was , 

A- , and you knew how , you knew how to do the framing ? Uh , well my dad knew how to do most of it , you know . Uh-huh . He , he 'd , we 'd gotten a couple of books and then he just started doing it . I do n't know . He , well he did all the flooring himself . He put the whole , the whole floor in and then I just started with the walls and the roof and started there . And then we were , put a , like a , not , not necessarily a garage , but just like a , off the side of that after we had the house part made , we just decided we 'd carry the roof out a little bit farther and put a carport more or less . It 's not , you know , it 's not enclosed . It 's just somewhere to drive another car to , to park and it 's , Do , do you build on slabs down there or did you build it up off the ground ? Uh , it 's off the ground . On the piers ? Uh-huh . It 's on about -- Did , -- uh , twenty-two inch piers , something like that . You had those poured -- So . -- or you did them yourself ? Uh , no , those , those are , we did those ourselves so . You just put forms in the ground and fill them with concrete ? Yeah . Huh . Exactly , so . It 's , Well , the last thing I did completely myself was an outside deck which I was pretty proud of . Yeah , those ar , those are , we 'd , I 've done one , I helped somebody do one of those before . Those are , those are , you know , you can buy them in kits but we did n't do that way . But it 's , No I designed it from scratch and did it -- Yeah . -- did a pretty good job . Those are nice . They 're pretty forgiving , you know . You can always tear stuff out and redo it . It 's a , Yeah , yeah . That 's not near , like building a house or anything but , Yeah , those are nice . 

Especially when you get done , you 've got something , you know . I do n't know , I like them . You just sit down on -- Yeah . -- on the deck and do whatever . Have -- I -- -- a barbecue or , -- I built it two levels and with a big toy box and some benches and , uh , a backrest and all that stuff . I , Yeah , that sounds nice . All done by yourself , huh ? I had -- Designed , -- a friend with a tractor who dug the pier holes so we could pour concrete and support it with a , a nice firm four by four posts . And , uh -- Yeah . -- and then the rest of it I just did . A , a contractor friend helped me , uh , with some of the , uh , foundation work but , uh , it was pretty , it was about four or five hundred square feet . The same size as the addition that I just put on so . Yeah . That 's pretty , that 's a good size deck . Yeah . So , yeah . That 's , It 's , uh , not that expensive . I think it cost me three dollars a square foot and , uh , you know , no less than that . Yeah . That 's not , Co , cost me about five hundred dollars , six hundred dollars all together . Yeah , that 's good . That 's not bad at all . Did n't -- Yeah . -- have to , th- , the wood may it got surprising as to the fact that how much wood is , you know . To get , to get good lumber it costs , I do n't know about Dallas , but arou- , even in this little town , it 's , it 's not cheap at all . I was surprised . I 'd be surprised if it was n't , uh , cheaper where you are . It 's probably more there . Well , yeah . 

It probably comes from where you are . Yeah , yeah , that -- Most . -- it probably does . I , I 'm not sure but , When I drive through that area , that 's all I see is -- Yeah . It 's nothing but woods up here , down here . -- pressure treated , pressure treated lumber yards . Yeah . I do n't , I have n't , I mean , I have n't , I used to live in Dallas . In Arlington , actually . And , but that was just when I was a kid so I do n't really know what the cost of living is even like in Dallas anymore . But it 's , I do n't know , we 're a college town so that does n't help us out any . Right . 

East Texas . MUMBLEx We have , gas is a dollar t- , dollar twelve a gallon , so -- Huh . -- that 's probably about what you 're paying so . Yeah , my current project is a walkway which I 'm building around the house and out to the backyard to , uh , you know , digging it out and laying sand and putting , uh , pavers on top of that so . Yeah . That 's a lot easier . You 've got something going all the time . 