

Well , I suppose we both have credit cards . Uh-huh , yeah , they seem to be a part of life . Yeah . Yeah , how do you use them ? Well , I do use them . Uh-huh . 

Uh , I have a few favorites that I use more than others and , uh , I try to keep my balances fairly reasonable . I , I could probably pay them off any month if I wanted to . Uh-huh . Uh , but occasionally they can get out of hand and get higher when , when you start using more than a few -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , they all can build up . Uh-huh . Uh , I think they 're handy . I just get , uh , I do n't carry a lot of cash with me -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I hate writing checks -- Yeah . -- when you go shopping . Uh-huh . Well , do you use credit cards ? Yeah , 

I use a few . I , uh , I watched my grandmother go into debt -- Uh-huh . -- on them and so I 've , and then I guess my -- Grandmother -- -- mother , -- huh ? Yeah , so my mother learned from that and I guess she taught me to be very , very careful with them . 

So basically , uh , I just keep them , I use them so that I build up a credit rating , you know . Uh-huh . But , otherwise , uh , I generally , and my husband , it turns out , I 've just been married seven months , but he has the same habit and we just keep a few -- That 's good . -- you know , few of the major ones , and then use them once in a while for something , but we always pay it off right that month -- Oh that 's , -- so that we do n't pay any -- That 's wonderful . -- service charge . So that way we keep out of debt and we keep on top of what we 're spending . Well , the interest rates in credit cards is so high now -- Yeah . -- compared to what your savings is bringing . It 's really , I guess ridiculous to let them keep building . Yeah , yeah , that 's what I feel . So , 

But I know some people can get , get , you know , carried away with them and let them get -- Uh-huh . -- out of hand . It 's really easy , just to forget , you know , that you , you charged that or charged that . I try to keep all my receipts and keep them in someplace where I know that the bill 's going to come , but sometimes I forget and so , you know , s- , a bill will come in and I 'll think , oh , no -- Uh-huh . -- I did n't know it was going to be that high . 

Uh- , yeah . But so far , I 've been able to , we 've been able to pay it off every time so , Well , that 's good . I 'm looking , right now I 'm k- , kind of looking for a Visa that has a lower interest rate . 

It seems that some of them have gotten higher -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I saw on T V , they had a program on , uh , credit cards and they 're supposed to , I do n't know if it was Tennessee or Arkansas or some , some other state had a Visa card that was the lowest one in the country . And I -- Uh-huh . -- did n't write it down at the time and then I went and looked and , to see what my visa was and I think it 's eighteen percent or something -- Um . -- so , think I want to find something that has a lower -- Yeah . -- rate . Have you ever used Discover card ? No , I have n't . Yeah , 

I 'm not even sure what their interest rate is since I pay it off but you know , Is that the one from Sears ? Uh , I think Sears originally -- Okay . -- put it out , 

but it 's , uh , it 's pretty well taken all over the U S now . I mean , uh , I 've have n't found many places that do n't take Discover . And there 's no annual service fee , which is good . Okay . You know , and then , uh , they also give you , they say cash back , uh , like at the end of the year . For the amount that I charge , I get two dollars back or something -- Uh-huh . -- but if you use credit cards a lot you probably get more back . Oh , they give you money back for using your credit card . Yeah , basically . Oh -- 

That 's it . -- I did n't know that . And I think the service charge is pretty low , too , 

but , I 'm not sure . Um . Well , you know , Sears was one of the few department stores that never would take any other credit cards . Uh-huh . I worked w- , at Sears for over ten years and , uh , it was only a Sears card that they would take -- Uh-huh . -- until I guess they decided to join the club and come up with their own credit card , another credit card that was -- Uh-huh . -- accepted , so , you know , now they 'll take the Discover , but I still do n't know if Sears will take Visa or Mastercard . Uh-huh . But , uh -- Yeah . -- I never did apply for a Discover card . I just figure with the Visa and -- Uh-huh . -- American Express , I probably have an , I can do enough damage with those two . Yeah , I think it 's best to keep the number down -- Uh-huh . -- that you have . Yeah . So , I 've got some that I , you know , I have n't even used at all , uh , past few years I probably would n't be able to use them . Uh-huh . But , uh , I , I do like my Dillard 's , I have to admit that 's one of my favorite places to shop . Uh-huh . And I do use Dillard 's probably as , more than any of the other department stores . Uh-huh . But , Yeah . Well , Well , Do you have anything else to say ? No , not too much more about credit cards . Okay . I do n't think I do either so , Okay well , Well , it was good talking to you . Good talking to you Beth . Okay . Good luck . Have a good evening . You , too . Bye-bye . Bye . 