

Okay , I 'm back on . Okay . Um , you say you watch evenings mostly ? I watch evenings because I work all day . I used to watch daytimes . Uh-huh . 

Um , mainly like ALL MY CHILDREN , that kind of thing . Oh , so ... And then sometimes OPRAH and sometimes DONAHUE , but now it 's mainly evenings . Do you have any that you like well enough that you tape them when you 're not going to be there ? Yes . Which ones ? I tape THIRTY SOMETHING , Oh . and L A LAW . 

Those are the two I like the best . Oh , two they 're going to change . Well , one they 're taking , I know . It 's going to be history , I know . off . I do n't know what 's going to ha- , yeah , we like L A LAW . Uh-huh . We do n't watch THIRTY SOMETHING , but that 's kind of young for us . 

My husband and I are grandparents . Oh , well . Well ... So we do n't watch , uh , that type of show , but we like L A LAW . We like , Uh-huh . that . We 're just , I 'm sorry they 're breaking the team up , because we liked all the ones that were on there . I know . I 'm amazed . I 'm not sure I like the new ones too much . Huh-uh . I 'm surprised that , I was surprised at the ending of , you know , with all the funny things happening and different things . I just wonder if , if , uh , they just want to go on to other projects and not be stuck in this show , since it 's gone on for so long , it looks like , Uh-huh . it looks like it might be one of these seven or eight year run things . Uh-huh . Where you kind of can spend your whole career on one show . I know . Of course , I guess that 's not bad . Alan Alda did it on MASH . I know . Is n't that funny ? It has n't hurt him at all . So do you , do you mostly like this type of like a story type of thing that lasts an hour ? Oh , I do n't usually like stuff that continues . 

That 's why I 'm surprised I like those two shows , because usually I like , you know , stuff that just ends sort of , that you just , you do n't have to , In one hour , like QUANTUM LEAP . have watched , you know . Yeah . I mean , you do n't have to ... That 's one of our favorites . Yeah . 

You do n't have to have watched it last week in order to follow , so , Right , which they do at the beginning of the season , you know , I usually do n't like that . 

to grab your attention . Uh-huh . You know , that 's always a bummer too . I know . Sometimes it 's better just to tape record both of them and then watch it all in one . Uh-huh . We , we do that sometimes . I , I guess I 'm , I 'm not into real heavy stuff . 

L A LAW is about the heaviest thing I watch . I , Yeah . I 'll , mostly I 'm into it for relaxation , so I like things like GOLDEN GIRLS or CHEERS or , uh , Monday night is real good with me , you know , MAJOR DAD and , and , uh , NORTHERN EXPOSURE and , and , uh , oh , what 's that one with Burt Reynolds ? That type of show is what we -- Uh-huh . -- what , uh , we watch . We generally just stay on one channel all , for all of Monday night , just to watch those . Just some of the times they 're continued , but mostly they 're just little vignettes . A new one we found we really like is that DINOSAURS . Have you seen that ? Huh-uh . That is , it 's , it 's really funny . They use like animated , it 's not like a cartoon , but it 's like dummies and things , Uh-huh . that are used , and , uh , it 's really , um , and robots probably . But there 's always a , a moral to each story . And what night is it on ? 

Well , yo- , we watched it , the times we 've seen it , it 's been like on Satur- , or , excuse me , Friday night . Uh , but it 's , we 've only seen it a couple of times . But it , it 's real , the first one we saw , um , they were , it , it involved a tradition of when a per- , person reaches seventy-five , and I ca n't remember what day they call it , but , but , uh , the son-in-laws get to throw the mother-in-laws when they 're seventy five over a cliff . Oh , great . Anyway , 

Anyway , it , it goes on , you know , and the son-in-law and mother-in-law are sniping at each other and all , and then when it comes time for him to throw her over , well , the , the teenaged son the night before tried to save her by hiding her . Oh . And she said no , you ca n't do , you know , he ran her out , was running to hi , in a wheelchair to hide her , and she said , `` You ca n't do that . '' Huh . `` This is tradition . This is what old people are supposed to be , thrown over the , the cliff . '' And , uh , he said , `` I do n't understand . '' It 's , it 's real funny that they give the teenagers the , as the one that questions , uh , the , what 's going on . Uh-huh . And , uh , in the end of , uh , the son-in-law , when he did get the mother-in-law up to the cliff , uh , th- , the so- , the teenaged son throws himself in the way and says , `` No , you ca n't do it , '' and then , and then , uh , `` Oh , well , we 've got to do it . It 's tradition , '' and the son was , you know , `` Why ? '' And so , Uh-huh . in , in the end he does n't throw her over , Oh , he does n't . and , of course , the town thinks he 's just terrible , because that has been tradition for hundreds of years and he 's broken it . And then we saw one where this , there was a teenage , when a teenage boy comes into his manhood , they call it the night of the howling , Uh-huh . or something like that , and they all go out and howl , you know . And , and the son refused to do it . He , he did , he thought it was not ... So he did n't go howl ? No , he would n't go howl , so all the , all the people that worked with the father ostracized him . Oh , how funny . It is . It , it , it 's , it 's real interesting to watch the show , and , and wh- , the relationship between the family is , is really now , Huh . now the mother-in-law lives in the house with them . So it 's , our , our grandson , our oldest grandson is the one that , that got us to watching it . But it really is , it moves real fast . It 's a real short , and there 's always , like I say , a moral to it and , It 's just a half hour , or is it hour ? Well , half hour . Oh . That , that 's all there is to it . And , and , uh , they ... 

There 's not many half hour shows , it seems like that , Yeah , it , it , they , they 're trying to liken the , the father in there of the teenage son to like JACKIE GLEASON SHOW . Uh-huh . Uh , the way he talks to his mother-in-law and so forth , and I guess maybe there are some parts of that , but I did n't really see that in there . But what I 've read about it , they talk about that . 

But anyway , we 've , we 've enjoyed that , and , and , uh , I guess mostly I , I like the news shows too , the news magazines , like SIXTY MINUTES or TWENTY , Yeah , no , I watch those if I , TWENTY or PRIME TIME LIVE or something like that , you know , all , all of those shows , if I can do it , but my husband likes to watch , um , old movies , especially war movies , or , or , uh , sports , which I 'm not , Oh , see , I like sports . No , I do n't . Well , I , I do , I like ice skating and I like , uh , gymnastics , Uh-huh . and some track and field , but I , I , 

and I 'll watch snippets of baseball games and I , I just do n't have that much time to sit and watch the whole thing . Uh-huh . And I do n't ever , no matter what 's on , I do n't ever just sit and watch T V . I 'm usually either doing dishes , or I may be sewing , or , you know , I know . I always have , or letter writing , or I may be working around in the room somehow , but I do n't , I do n't ever just sit and , I , that 's something that comes from your old age , you know . No , I do n't sit . Idle hands are the devil 's workshop . I know . Who has time ? I do n't have time to sit , I know . No . 

It 's , it 's , uh , That 's why I do n't get to watch that much . I mean , I , Right . watch nine o'clock I do okay , because the kids are all in bed , but before that , I really , there 's not much time . Right . Or like at six thirty I 'll watch WHEEL OF FORTUNE or something like that . Right , well , our , yeah , if our gra- , if our grandchildren are with us , that 's , they have to watch that . We do n't watch it unless they 're here . Uh-huh . No , I like that . No , I 'll watch , But they , uh , game show kind of stuff but , It 's , it 's , um , oh , and , you know , the , the kids will get you started on stuff like AMERICA 'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS . Yeah . We 've wound up sending in one . 

That 's something I did n't think that we 'd ever do . Did you send one ? Yeah . My oldest grandson pulling his tooth . 

He 's , he 's , How funny . he would n't let us pull it , and I mean , it , it got to the point he was eating a pear here , and he bit into it , and it was just hanging by a thread . And I , and I 'd tell him , you know , it 's getting ready to fall out , and he walked around the house with his fa- , face down toward the floor and his mouth open , hoping it would fall out , because he would n't let anybody pull it . And he wou , he wound up pull , 