

We 're set . Okay . What changes do you feel have happened ? Oh , I guess the first thing has been the , uh , for the right , for women to vote . I think that has been a major change and also the fact that , uh , there are so mu- , many more women in the work force nowadays than there were and that 's probably going to increase . Right . 

You know . Increases each year , does n't it ? I 'm sorry ? It increases each year I think . It sure does . Yeah , 

there is a lot more women in the work place nowadays . Well , and I think women have kind of had , uh , in the past the real subservient -- Role ? -- role . Right . And , uh , That 's changing . Well , we do to some degree -- Right . -- but , uh , uh , I think it 's not as much as it was . Right , yeah , 

I , I agree . It definitely -- I , -- has changed . And especially , I think with women increasingly working , they 're going to have to demand more from men . Uh-huh . Because there is just , i- , impossible to keep up on everything else . Yeah , yeah . Have more of an active role in taking care of children , more of an active role in taking care of the home . Well , you know , they 've been talking about and I do n't know , uh , what the status is on it , but , you know , women get maternity leave and stuff like that 

and I know that they 've , there has been discussion about men also getting maternity leave -- Right . -- to help out , but you know , I have n't really heard much about that recently . Well , you know , there is a lot of companies that wo n't give mat- , women maternity leave for that very reason . Uh-huh . Uh , in fact , I know the school districts down here , you , they do n't have maternity leave . Uh -- Oh , is that right ? -- you simply have to take , accumulate your sick leave . Oh . And take your sick leave . Uh-huh . And I do n't know , uh , if bigger company companies do , but when I was employed with the school district , I did n't have maternity leave either and that was the reason because they thought was showing prejisim to women and not to men but , Huh , that 's interesting . So , uh , That 's a bummer , though . Yeah it is . I mean , You have to save all of your , uh , vacation time . You got to take the time off . You do . You have to save all your vacation time and -- Yeah . -- that 's usually how it 's , uh , happened , but , uh , Uh-huh . What do you see , uh , changing in the future ? I think that we 're probably going to see a lot more companies , uh , run by females . Right , 

and , and -- And we 'll prob- , -- top level . I 'm sorry ? Maybe top level . Right , right , 

upper management , more women in upper management and probably , uh , we 'll see more females in political roles . More governors and , I think , you know , roles like that . That would be kind of nice . Well , we 've got , in Texas , we have a female governor . 

That 's right , that 's right . And we had a female mayor here in Dallas , and she just , her term just ended and , uh , so I think we 're probably going to see more of that -- Yeah -- -- in the future . 

-- I think that 's probably good . A little more integration . Uh-huh . And , uh , maybe not so much that we sit on the back burners and , Right , you know , I mean , and that 's fine with me -- 

I think , -- but sometimes , I mean I 'm not a women 's libber by any means , but -- Right . -- I do , there are issues that , you know , as far as , like , equal pay for men and women and that kind of stuff , I totally am for . Right . But , I do n't get into the , uh , the real -- No , 

I do n't either . -- women libber movement , you know . I do n't think they 're ever going to prove that men and women are equal . Yeah . 

We just function differently . Right , right . And , uh , I 'm not capable of lifting what , uh , a man can lift and -- Yeah . -- you know , that type of , that type of thing , but , uh -- Right . -- one of the big changes , uh , they 're doing in Salt Lake is , uh , and they 're probably , I 'm sure , in Dallas since you 're big places , a lot more women are , uh , working right out of their home with their P C 's or with their lap computers or whatever . Yeah , I , I 've heard of that . Uh , I have n't really talked to anybody that 's , you know , too involved with that . But , I mean , I think that is a , I think that , Like the cottage industry . Is , is that what you 're talking about , women working out of their homes ? Right . Yeah , uh , I think it 's wonderful . Right . You only have to check in with the office once or twice a week and , Yeah . Course , they 're talking about , uh , that we 're going to be able to do our grocery shopping and -- Oh , I kn- , -- banking and -- By the phone and all that . -- everything like that , so , uh , it would be kind of exciting in some ways to , to see a little bit more of that and some ways , it might be kind of scary . Right . Think anybody could do it , but , Right . Anyway , Yeah , I would n't mind just calling up the grocery store and giving them my order and -- Right . -- going an hour later and picking it up . Right , 

but then you know , there is the process of selection . Would you have to give them -- Right . -- the brand Right . You know , when you shop , you usually compare the prices and , would be nice , though . 