

Hi Pat . Hi . One of the interesting things that I have considered about the role change for women is that women of my age , my generation , were trained and taught and brought up to be the LEAVE IT TO BEAVER housewives . Uh-huh . But we are not living in that world . We are certainly not , our families have changed . Uh-huh , families , uh-huh . Society has changed . 

Oh , yeah , sure . Everything has changed . Yeah , yeah . Uh-huh . That 's one of the , and it makes you really concerned . I am glad I raised guys . Uh-huh . You know , let the world train them what to do . But characteristically , you know , the women are trained , or have been in the past trained in the home . Uh-huh . And I really would be at a loss to , to raise and train a girl . I think I would . Yeah , it 's , 

well even , even raising boys today is different though , because , Oh , sure . they are expected to do so much more than they used to . Uh-huh . You know , used to be they would just go off to work and come home , and you know , everything was done . And it , it 's a different world . It 's , Oh , sure . some good , some bad , uh , Uh-huh . it 's nice that there 's a choice .  I , I have chosen to stay at home , Uh-huh . and raise my children . Uh-huh . And I have a ten year old and a twelve year old . Uh-huh . And I was a single parent for awhile and worked . Uh-huh . And that was great , I was able to and I was able to provide for my children and , and you know , Uh-huh . that was wonderful . Uh-huh . But I , I thank God everyday now that I have that choice . Sure . And that I am able to do things at home and , and uh , I volunteer a whole lot . Uh-huh . And , uh , that 's my job right now . Uh-huh . And I , I love it . Oh , yeah . I really love it . 

I did very much the same thing until my boys got into high school and said Mom , please do not be involved . Right , right . Then I went back to work . Right , and that will come . Yeah . I know that day will come , Sure . and I am looking forward to that too . Right . But that 's a different phase in my life , Right . 

and I am , I am glad that I am able to do what I want to do right now . Well , you know , there 's a lot of things that have happened , actually , and , and it 's , it 's like the , it 's like oil on top of water , it changes but it 's never different -- Uh-huh . -- in a lot of ways . Uh-huh . Uh , women at one time did very heavy physical labor -- Uh-huh . -- and , were expected to maintain a household . Uh-huh . Then as times changed , uh , as it is today , we do not do a lot of physical labor , Uh-huh . even in hous- , even in housekeeping , Right , and homemaking , Right . there 's not a lot of physical labor , Right . because , there are , You are not beating rugs , Uh-huh . 

you are not , right , Right . doing laundry by hand and that kind of thing . And in that respect , we have to make ourselves become involved in physical exertion , Uh-huh . or we really do develop some health problems . Uh-huh . So , in , in that , in that respect I am not so sure that the hard work of years past was not better for us than we are willing to admit . Yeah , yeah . And , uh , But do n't you think it 's that way with men too ? 

I mean , you know , men are sitting behind desks a whole lot more , Oh , absolutely true it 's , than they used to . that 's true with society , Yeah , yeah . in general , but specifically the woman 's role , Uh-huh . in society has changed . And , you know , medical reports tell us that women are developing diseases now that used to be predominately male diseases . Right , right . Heart disease was characteristic of men , Right . now there 's almost equally predominant in women . Right . And I , 

And stress disorders and things like that . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Right , and , I think that that 's a , that 's a symptom of our society , it 's a symptom that there 's , there 's a general illness that needs to be healed . Uh-huh . I do not know what the healing process would be or what was causing the problem ,  I am not , I am not God . Yeah , yeah . But , I , I do know that in raising my boys , I really did meet a lot of pressures saying , you know , you need to get them into music lessons , you need to get them , Uh-huh , uh-huh . into sports you need to get them into this , they need to be busy and they need to be active . And I fought all of those things , I said if those boys want to be involved in that they will come to me and they will say Mom this is important to me , I want to do it , Right , right . otherwise , I will guard their ability to have quiet time . You know , it 's funny , I refused to cram their lives full . Yeah , yeah . It 's funny , it 's funny 

I was rea- , And that 's the way it is with a woman too . I was really looking forward to summer , thinking oh , we are going to have some time off . Uh-huh . 

And it 's been real busy . And actually , today is really the first , as far as I am concerned , the first day of summer . Uh-huh . Because we have had so much going on the past few weeks . Uh-huh . And , uh , you are right , Uh-huh . uh , well that 's how society has changed , uh , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you know , uh , the family has changed , we , you know , we find ourselves doing things that ,  we never did as kids . Uh-huh . You know , I do not remember , Well , being involved in things like this . Uh-huh . It 's , it 's different , Uh-huh . it 's just , I do not know , only time will tell whether it 's better or worse , Uh-huh . than the way we grew up . But , uh , Of course . it 's , it 's just very different . Uh-huh . Um , Well , I just am very much a believer in quiet personal time . 

If you do not have the time to talk to yourself , who are you going to talk to . Right . Yeah , yeah , yeah . And I guarded my children 's rights for that and I think that that 's one of the things that women are sacrificing that they should not do . Uh-huh . They are sacrificing their time with themselves . There 's nothing wrong with sitting and being bored ,  if you thinking internally , Right . and you are , Right . working on your own self . Right . You are finding out who you are . But is not that difficult to do when you are working full time and have to come home and prepare a meal and , Well , I think , get homework done , and , you know , where do you find the time . Um . Well , in the first place it 's not your homework , it 's your children 's homework . Uh-huh . 

And I was always very careful to be there only when they came to me and asked me for help , Uh-huh . I helped them with exactly what they asked for and that 's all . Yeah . That 's a part of the problem that women have always had and that is accepting responsibility for things that really are other people 's responsibilities . That 's very true . They , And then that way , we have not changed in , They , hundreds of years , have we . 

That 's right . Yeah . That way husbands are crippled , Yeah . they are intellectual cripples , Uh-huh . and so are children . Uh-huh . They do not know how to think for themselves and be responsible , Uh-huh . for themselves . I do not know why God made women brilliant . I , Did n't he though . Yes , but I do not know they tend to look at the mother as the one who solves all problems . They , That 's very true . are all things to all people , 

and that 's never changed . That 's , that 's very true . I , as a matter of fact I was talking to a friend yesterday , who said she has a new policy in her home and when her , her family comes to her and says , fix this , you know , I am having a problem with , Uh-huh . you know , another member of the family , Uh-huh . she said I have taken a new stance , and I say , no , I will not . Uh-huh . You know , you work it out for yourself . Uh-huh . And she said , it 's amazing , she said , Uh-huh . you know , every single person in this family expects me to get , and they dra- , suck me into these arguments and , That 's right . these conversations 

and I ha- , I am supposed to be the one who is going to fix it all and , and soothe everybody . And she said I am not doing it anymore . I , I just , You know I think that 's one of the things that we have today that is very useful , and I think every woman ought to deal with it or , ought to at least be exposed to it , and that is mediation training . Um , uh-huh . Uh , we are not talking about strikes or things we are talking about mediators who get involved in family crises , Uh-huh . parents and children , husbands and wives , Uh-huh . uh , you know , boss and employee . Those kinds of things . Interpersonal mediation , Yeah , yeah . because , the mediator is an unbiased bystander who , 