

All right . Um , there was a crime here in McKinney , Uh-huh . uh , a rather heinous murder . There was no um , remorse shown by , uh , at least one of the perpetrators . Uh-huh . And yet , for whatever reason , um , his crime was not considered a capital crime . Uh-huh . An , and quite honestly I , I feel very strongly that the , man ha , the has no redeeming social values and if , if and when he comes , gets free again , Uh-huh . he will have no compunction but to complete that , that same kind of lifestyle , I mean continue that same kind of lifestyle , and perhaps do the same thing again . So , it really bothers me that there 's not a way of getting him out of the way forever . Really , I think that , I do n't know , 

I don- , I do n't think our prison system is n't set up , where we , um , rehabilitate , or , you know , restore anybody . I think it 'll only make them worse , but , I , I believe that God can come in and change a person 's heart and genuinely change it , but , that does n't negate that you do reap what you sow . And if you do kill a person and it is , you know , you 're found to be guilty , I believe God establishes the authority of our court system and I believe that , you know , that I do believe that capital punishment is , uh , alternative . Even , you know , God can still change your heart but that does n't mean , like the alcoholic that charges up all the bills on the credit card , or the shopaholic , you know you get your life right with God but you still have to pay your Visa bill . That 's , that 's right . You still have to , you know , so , but God sent us his grace and they give pardons but I believe if it 's a genuine conversion , there 's a genuine , and those prison people know , they know a genuine turnaround in a person 's character , they see that . But , yeah . And , I , I worked in a prison in Fort Worth . Did you ? Yeah , I have a degree in social work . You see it , you know the ones that have a genuine character change . Uh-huh . It is obvious . And they know that . They 're , they 're not going to pardon someone from the governor , you know what I 'm saying , they 're not going to go , without going through every channel of authority in the prison . So I feel like you know , that 's is , there is occasions where there are , they do spare lives and , you know , I leave that with the governor , who , of course , is going to go through every authority because they want to be be reelected , so Yes 

but , my concern is , first of all that not all , all persons who I think , should be receiving capital , uh , Uh-huh . whatever , capital , uh , tha- , uh , th- , uh , hum , Punishment . punishment , thank you , I 'm sorry , I just got home from work and I 'm just kind of spaced out a little bit . Yeah , that 's okay . Uh , that , not all of them are being convicted of it , that , that , the , the , they 're not even being charged with that appropr- , I agree with you that , that , Uh-huh . a person 's heart can be changed , but the same God that can work that miracle also established the laws that said , um , for certain kinds of sin , certain kinds of , of , uh , breaking of the law , there would be a capital punishment . Uh-huh . Right then it was , it was , uh , almost immediate . Uh-huh . As soon as , as the trial was over , then it was stoning . Right , but , in , in the Old Testament , We do n't have a speedy trial , we do n't have speedy , um , punishment and so it kind of loses its meaning , Uh-huh , yeah . if you sit on death row for months and years and so forth . Right , we do n't , well , yeah we definitely have lost the Judeo-Christian ethic of the judicial system for sure , but the ba- , the base is still there , the foundation is still there , though , bu- , of the system , but , I know what you 're saying , uh , but also , they 're under a law , because we have n't been removed from the law we 've just been taken out from under , under a law . Because under the law if your child mo- , back talks you , he would be stoned . That 's correct . He , under the law he would be stoned , so we 've been removed from the law , of un- , from being under the law but we 're still , you know , we 're still accountable to it . We do n't need to back talk , but , you know , it 's like God changes your heart to not do that . He changes your heart not to look upon a woman in lust . Because in the Old Testament , they could look all they wanted , just could n't do it . But in the new , he 's looking at your heart 

and so , I guess that 's what , what I mean by their character changes and , you know , what I mean , it 's like looking beyond what they 're doing and looking at a heart and seeing what is the heart , what 's the character showing me here . And , those , and then any of , if I do n't think see , if I do n't believe that there 's not a character change and the authorities agree , that this person needs to be excused , I believe for murder , uh , rape , I even believe incest , things , Uh-huh . that will permanently damage , uh , the character of the child . I believe crimes against children should be punished bu- , by , by death . I believe , 

I tend to agree on that , very strongly . sexual crimes , unless there 's a true change of character . And that 's where we just have to , to trust the authorities . And they 're not going to excuse people , if it was , was run like that , I do n't , there would probably be very few exceptions to that and if it was done quickly and done swiftly and , but it 's not , because the judicial system has rejected , they 've rejected the answer to all these problems they have , pretty much . 

Plus the , all the judicial system is overloaded with , Right . all kinds of , um , problems , and crimes and so forth and then all of the , um , civil things that clog the courts , Uh-huh . and having sat on both , uh , uh , criminal and a civil , uh , jury , Uh-huh . some of what goes through our courts is a total waste of time . Yeah . Because we 're suit happy . Yeah . But , but back to the , to the capital situation , sounds like you and I have a lot of , of , of , uh , common ground at least as , as far as , as capital punishment is concerned . Yeah . I would like to see some , some kind of reform , or some kind of streamlining so that , if a person is , um , convicted , Uh-huh . and sentenced to , to death , that that automatic appeal which goes in could be more quickly dealt with . Uh-huh , yeah . And , and go ahead and get the punishment phase out of the way , because it does n't do the criminal or the victim 's family , Yeah . Anybody , yeah . r- , r- , any of us , the taxpayer any good to have him sitting around for months and years . Yeah . An , an , bu- , him could be a her . Right . But . I know in Jamaica , uh , it think it 's Jamaica , I think it 's Jamaica , I know that they have , you know , crimes punishable by death , and I 'm sure they hit a few every now and then , 

and I would n't want to be one of them , that are not guilty . But , I know that they have like , uh , their , crime rate , it 's not Jamaica , I do n't think , I ca n't remember which , it 's , uh , one of the Caribbean Islands and , and they , Singapore , is it like that ? My husband 's going Singapore . And they do n't have a lot of the crime because there is a law and the law is enforced . And that 's what , wh , when you have lawlessness , I mean the law 's not being enforced and all that does is lawlessness . We were , we went on a mission trip to Manhattan and to the Bronx and stuff , two years ago , and all these kids were up on there getting arrested for crack and everyone was out , uh , we were across from that big bus station , I forget what you call it , but anyway , and everyone , they had like fifteen people lined up on the fence and within two hours , there were fifteen boys sitting there doing the same thing . Um . And , you 'd see the same kid who were back out there in two days . That 's sad . Because , there 's no , the answer is not being given to them , in the court system and I think initially , when our country was set up , it was set up with God and it was really an integral part , and no , you ca n't , you ca n't force people , but I think people are hurting and they 're out doing crack sitting on the street . 

They were the kind of people that , I think mostly , we would want to receive it . If it was presented to see . I do n't know , I guess , I 'm kind of frustrated that , you know , we 've gotten away from the Christian basis that our court system was founded upon . I mean , it reeks of the BIBLE , just , the whole thing , the whole system . And , so I feel like if that was presented more openly , and not just relying upon , and para-church ministry to come in and do it , that , that the system itself , you know , you know what I mean . Yeah . I feel like that might be better , if it was run on a more scriptural basis , which would include , you know , you know , and expediting the penalties and just getting it over with . However , certain uh , very liberal minded groups who do not , um , subscribe to the same ethical system that you and I do , such as the , uh , civil liberties unions and so forth , Right . will lobby against that and hold that out as long as they have breath . Right . Which is most unfortunate because we all lose out , Yeah . when people go so far out to the extreme , on either side . Yeah . Because too , too often , there can be extremism that , that hurts from , from any direction , Yeah . regardless of wha , whatever you 're arguing or concerned about . Right . Yeah , 

I know , you 're right , they would lobby that and , and I see that , and that 's why , you know , I 'm like , okay , what 's my role in this thing , , you know , Yeah . what 's my part , because I do n't think the system is going to get fixed . I think it 's crippled ... 