

Real problem the last few days , one of their , uh , young hopeless stars has apparently ruined his knee for this season , it was a catcher . Uh-huh . And they really do n't have an excess of catchers and it 's really kind of , kind of late to , you know , to start , be trying to trade for somebody , especially with the salary cap that the Rangers have . Yeah . They 're not the highest paying ball team around . Oh no , no , they 're not , are they . But I , you know , I would , I would gladly take the salary of most of the guys , I 'll tell you . Oh , goodness , I would too , even the bench warmer , I would . Yeah , that 's right . I really have n't been an active Ranger fan in several years . I used to go , take my son , you know , when he was in high school , he enjoyed going to baseball games . Uh-huh . I 'll have to admit I kind , I kind of went more to see , to see the other team a lot of times than I did the , did the Rangers , Uh , yeah . But , I think they 're doing better . Well , I do to , uh , I have boys , you know , like eight and eleven and we go quite often , Yeah , 

I can imagine . to watch the Rangers . I used to love to play baseball when I was a kid . Uh-huh . Oh yes , we 're heavy into that too . I think it 's more fun to play than it is to watch . Oh , I do too . Yeah . And I think , uh , what caught so many of our attentions last year was that Nolan Ryan , you know , yes . 

Oh of course , of course . As a matter of fact I read in the sports page this morning , he just pitched his first , uh , exhibition game a day or so ago , Uh-huh . and he pitched five , uh , yeah , five full innings . That was almost unheard of for a pitcher to , you know , to start out that strong . Yeah , yes , uh-huh . MUMBLEx no big deal , you know , it 's just part of a day 's work . Yeah , 

I know it , yeah , yeah . He 's something else , he really is . He really is an , you know , as far as predictions and stuff , I really think the Rangers may come out real strong this year . They could do very well , they sure could . They coul , because I do n't know but last year I just figured they was under a lot of pressure because of all the publicity and everything , Uh-huh , uh-huh , right . 

I really do . Yeah , they 've got , uh , I guess all , well all their players are signed now . Some of them are not too happy about it but there , there 's no hold outs . Yeah , yeah at least , So that should help . that should help , it sure should . Yeah , 

it should , uh-huh . But in a way , I really do , and of course , there 's a few more , you know , I think are good ball teams also . Oh yeah , sure . 

Like Oakland A 's and the Giants I really do . Sure , sure , uh-huh , Cincinnati . Yeah , there sure are . I like to go watch the Giants when they come to Houston some times . Uh-huh , uh-huh , that 's right . But , uh , I 've never seen the Astros play . Oh you have n't ? Huh-uh . Oh , I have a few times . Uh-huh . Uh , they 're a good ball team . That 's right . They really are . They sure are . 

Would n't it be something to have a World Series between Da- , the Rangers and the Astros . Oh , would n't it , would n't it though . Boy , I tell you that would draw a crowd , would n't it . Would n't it . It sure would . Oh my goodness , we might actually get to go to a World Series , huh . That 's right , would n't that be something . Oh , yeah . 

It sure would . That 's something you dream about . Absolutely . But there are a lot of Ranger fans around . Oh , there sure is 

and , uh , that , I mean they really are . Uh , now Incavalia I do n't know how familiar you are with him but , last year I was kind of thinking he sure did get in a slump . Yeah . But they 're saying this year , their predictions is that he 's really going to come out of it and , Uh-huh , yeah . be on top . Uh-huh , boy , he 's a bull , is n't he ? 

Is n't he though , He really is gosh . he sure is . 

He either hits home run or strike out . Uh-huh , that 's right . There is not ever a in between for him . That 's right , it 's kind of like Babe Ruth . Uh-huh , yeah . Yeah , they were saying something about this may be his last year with the Rangers though . Apparently I think his contract is up after the end of this year and they 're not sure they 're going to be able to sign him again . To sign him again , yeah . Huh . Yeah , 

that , you know , may or may not happen . Yeah , oh you never know . That 's right , it 's a long way away . That 's sure ri , 

if you offer them money , I 'm sure they 'll , That 's right . they 'll do a little bit of everything . That 's right , unfortunately the Rangers do n't spread it around quite as big as some of the other teams do . No , no , 

no , like that Joe Hosago , you know . Yeah , that 's right . I mean , oh . Is there going to be a ticket increase this year , price , do you know . I had n't heard . I have n't either , I , I really have n't , uh , The , uh , those Cowboys have increased their prices again this year . Oh yeah . But I did n't know , I , I do n't think I 've heard anything on the Rangers , or I do n't remember it if I have . Well I had n't either , Yeah . We had n't , you know , like I said , we , 

I do n't even guess they 've even thought about sending the schedules out yet . Yeah , I guess it 's too early . Yeah , because we usually get one . We usually order our tickets way in advance . Uh-huh , 

it 's a good idea , yeah . We , we try to go so often . Uh-huh , yeah if you have young , young children , you know , they , they get a kick out of it . 

Oh , they do . Uh-huh . Well , I 've enjoyed talking to you . Well you too Lori . And , we 'll hopefully we 'll get to talk again . Right , you take care . Okay , bye-bye . Okay , bye-bye . 