

Kay . Okay . I guess we 're talking about exercise , huh ? Yeah , yeah . Well first of all I , I ha , have to ask you how , how old you are ? Oh , I am twenty-seven . Twenty-seven , okay . Well , I am quite a bit older than you are . But , no . 

I think exercise is extremely important and I I do exercise on a regular basis . You do ? What type of exercise do you do ? Well , I do , uh , jazzercise -- Oh you do . -- which is an aerobic , uh , program that , are you familiar with it ? Yes . It 's , uh , you know , a national company and we have a jazzercise center here in Plano that has classes like all day long so you can , 

Are they different from aerobics or is it the same thing ? No it 's really , it 's an aerobic routine . Yo- , you warm up and then you have thirty minutes of aerobic activity starting , you know , slowly and then working up to , uh , you know , a high heart rate and then you gradually go down again . And you do that every day or , No , I only do it probably two or three times a week . Oh , okay . 

The minimum they want you to do is three times a week . And this is a club or , uh , do you belong to a group ? Well , it 's really a 

I mean it 's called a center and you buy as many classes as you want to at a time and then you just go in whenever you can . So , like I usually choose to go at nine thirty in the morning or a nine fifteen class or a ten thirty class in the mornings . Do you go with friends or do you go alone ? No , I go by myself and that 's one of the frustrating things cause I can find very few people to go with me -- Yeah . -- and most of my friends that are my age do n't exercise or they might play tennis -- Uh-huh . -- and since I am not a tennis player , uh , you know , I do n't get that , but I am , you know , I am between , I am in my late forties -- Uh-huh . -- so , uh , there are n't many people , you know , that want to do that . Oh . Most of the people that are in the classes are young mothers . You know , with with children between the ages , Oh yeah young mothers or , 

Young mothers . You know , young women , with small children -- Uh-huh . -- are the ones that I find . Well , what do you do ? Uh , I really do n't have a routine . I like playing basketball . We just bought a new home with a basketball hoop and -- Oh , great . -- that 's what I do every day . Yeah . Do you play every day ? Yeah , pretty much . When my wife lets me . Well , now who do you play with ? Do you have friends that play with you or just , No , I just shoot around by myself . Yeah . And , uh , that 's about it . I use to play soccer a lot in high school , but when I graduated I have n't done much . I do n't have a problem . 

I know I have to do more aerobics , but I do n't have a problem with weight . I could eat all day and not gain an ounce . Well see , that 's , that 's th- , really good and I think that keeps a lot , some people from exercising . Uh-huh . I mean , I do n't have a problem with weight either , but I think I do n't have a problem because I exercise . You do exercise . You know I mean , people are always saying to me , how do you stay thin and it 's because I exercise -- You do it , -- but I also watch what I eat . Uh-huh . 

You know , but you 'll come , being twenty-seven , you do n't really have to worry about your heart rate and that yet -- Yeah and I -- -- but as you get older you will . 

-- well everyone 's told me my waist line is going to expand one of these days , but I do n't know . Well , it might not . Mine , 

because everybody 's been telling me that too and so far it has n't happened , you know , and I , I just feel like , you know , you have to constantly weigh yourself -- Uh-huh . -- and just keep an eye on it and cut back if it starts to get you know , too high . Yeah , I guess I enjoy sports a lot so that 's why I 've kept active in that way . Yeah . 

But you do n't play any other sports but basketball ? Uh , basketball , volleyball , uh , too bad it 's not really heavy as far as recreation or hobby , I do that . But , do you ski ? Being in Utah , I was wondering if you ski . Uh , I use to , but it got too expensive , so . Oh did it really ? Yeah . 

Cause I know that skiing in Utah is , is suppose to be great . Yeah , a lot of people do that -- Yeah . -- and but , well I just I never find the time . I had rather do other things . Yeah . Well , I have never skied before , 

but I have friends that go to Utah all the time and they think it 's really -- Oh they come up here . 

-- and they ski . I guess there 's a place where you can ski , well is it Tahoe ? Where you ski from , no that 's Nevada to California -- That 's in Nevada . -- I guess . Uh-huh . Yeah , I am thinking about where you can ski over the state line . Oh , yeah but , But there 's a fun- , there is a place in Utah called a funny name . There 's Snow Bird or Alta . But it 's like , Oh , Heavenly . Is that it ? Heavenly ? Yeah , I think it 's called Heavenly . Huh . I 've never heard of that one . You 've never heard of that ? Huh-uh . Well , maybe it is n't in Utah . But they said they 've skied Heavenly and it sounded like , you know , that they skied really well , and when they are actually talking about a place . It 's kind of funny . Do they exercise much or , I mean for skiing ? 

I know when I went , you can get sore easily but , Oh yeah . You can get really sore . I know you , I mean I 've talked to people , but most of these people ski enough so that they do n't get sore . Oh yeah . MUMBLEx is one or two timer a year if I do go on them and I am really sore after . And then , is it your quadriceps that are the worst ? Yeah . In your legs and , My legs really , really ache . Yeah . Yeah . But , that 's , 

I am using muscles that I have never used before . Well , and it 's strange that you can do , like I did aerobics , you know , all the time and then I went horseback riding and still I was so sore and I could n't get over , 