

Okay . Uh , generally I get , uh , you know , most of my news , uh , in the , you know , weekly magazines like TIME , NEWSWEEK and , and , uh , U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT . With , with occasional smatterings of , of , uh , you know , THE WALL STREET JOURNAL and , of course , the local paper . Uh-huh . But , uh , my , my only complaint is I really do n't enough time to , to look at the articles every day and , and go through a paper , you know , exhaust the details . So that 's why I concentrate on weekly magazines . Do you think that the weekly magazines provide you with as much detail information as you 'd like ? Well , yes . I , I , well , I , I do n't think I have the time to really become a student in every article . Uh-huh . And , and so I , I , I like the weekly magazines , uh , because i- , it gives me , you know , the high points of what 's going on . Uh-huh . Uh , but many times , uh , you know , the , the local , uh , the local news kind of suffers , you know . But here I am , you know , cheek by jowl with our nation 's capital and , 

Oh , that 's right . You 're very close actually . It 's -- Yeah . -- almost a , uh , bedroom community for -- Yes . -- the capital . E- , exactly . 

Well , when , when the capital gang always talk about the people inside the beltway , I 'm saying to myself , hey guys , I 'm inside the beltway . But , uh , i- , it turns out that , uh , that , that the C N N is , I think , is great . Uh-huh . And for , for things like hurricanes and fast breaking events but generally , they 're , they 're , they 're more sound bitish , you know , kind of thing and , and I do n't really , uh , you know , I do n't really feel as though I 've a gotten sufficient , uh , you know , dose of news that way . Yeah . 

A lot of my information comes from several sources . Probably pretty high up on the list is National Public Radio . Uh-huh . Uh , which I like . Yes . Uh , I , I think it 's fairly objective and I always like the letters that they read which tend to accuse them of being too liberal and too conservative . And while there 's an inherent , uh , filtering process going on just by the letters they choose to read , uh , I always figure it 's a good thing when any given group is being accused by each side of , uh , favoring the other side . That 's , that 's potential indication of balance . And , generally , I really do believe they are pretty balanced . Uh , I also read TIME magazine and we get one of the daily newspapers around here where we go through various sections of the , uh , various , uh , of the articles and the front section and , uh , Well the MERCURY and the , and the , and the CHRONICLE are the only things that are really , can -- Oh . 

-- stand up there . Oh , you st- , did you use to live around here ? Uh , Redwood City . I use to work at Anteks . 

Oh , okay . Oh , yeah , okay . I know exactly where that is . Anteks , Amdahl and places like that . Yeah , 

we , we get the MERCURY which I generally think is actually a pretty good newspaper . Yeah . A- , the newspaper I really been impressed with it when I 've read it at times , i- , at , well the LOS ANGELES TIMES . Uh-huh . Which I 've found to be a , uh a very good quality , uh , newspaper and I like a lot of the articles there . Th- , the other thing when you said , we do n't have cable T V , so but the other thing that you referred to that always sounds really interesting to me is , is called C SPAN . Yes . 

I , I 've , I enjoy , see they have , uh , we have two , the , both C SPANS here . But , but -- Both ? -- really , the , th- , on the public T V , you know , MACNEIL LEHRER -- Uh-huh . -- is one , is an hour 's program that I always , if , if I watch any news program , it will be MACNEIL LEHRER . Uh-huh . And , and occasionally C SPAN . I , I like a , I saw the , uh , the , uh , the , the tapes that were , that were run of Marion Berry 's drug bust was , the whole thing was , was run on that and -- 

Oh , I never say that . That would have been interesting . -- and , and a- , also , they have the , uh , the , uh , uh , PARLIAMENT 'S QUESTION AND ANSWER PERIOD . It , Yeah . I , I think that 's always fascinating . I wish , I wish we had something . when , wh , when it first , uh , you know , when it first tuned in on that I , you know , it 's one that 's , 

I think it was , somebody was just scarcely just , just ripping the hell out of someo- , another person . And I , and everybody was , you know , making noise in the background . But it 's usually the Prime Minister , right ? Here 's this dude in a wig -- Thatcher , Major . -- and I said to myself , it 's another Monty Python that I did n't know about . And then , and then up jumps Margaret Thatcher off her green bench and I said oh , it 's Parliament . Which could be another MUMBLEx of Monty Python . Yeah . So I , I thought to myself , I ca n't wait . I 'm going over to , to Britain in mid , you know , in mid-May . I , I , I 'm going to , uh , you know , a , you know , apr , approach my , uh , you know , this is how I discovered , you know , the que- , the Prime Minister 's , you know , question and answer period , you know . P- , I , I have seen that 

and , uh , a , aside from the level of wit which is much higher than , generally , in American politics , uh , which I really enjoy . I really like the fact that they have a chance to ask hard , real questions I think . And it 's unlike the fairly controlled , uh , press conferences that Presidents of the United States have here where they , they always seem , Yeah . 