

So , who 's your favorite team ? My favorite team is the Pittsburgh Steelers . Pittsburgh ? You bet . I used to be a big Pittsburgh fan when I was little . Well , I , uh , when John Stallworth played he was from my hometown in Alabama , 

Oh , really ? so I kind of grabbed on to that team , Huh . That 's pretty nice . way back when . Yeah , that 's good . I , I used to watch them a lot when they were playing the big iron curtain , 

That 's right . or steel curtain . How about your favorite team ? Huh . Well , last year it was Buffalo 

and I , I still try to keep up with Buffalo because they just , they just impressed me as being so efficient and they never score . They never blow out their opponents . They just score just enough points , Uh-huh . and that really impressed me . But then down here I li- , MUMBLEx is pretty close to New Orleans and I 've been keeping up with the Saints a lot . Well , they are exciting , are n't they ? Yeah , the Saints are starting to impress me this year , you know , a lot . Boy , they are , they are just a fun team to watch . This , it , they are really . Did you see the game Sunday night or , Uh , Sunday afternoon ? no , I did n't . 

It was funny . There were , they ha , uh , a fireworks display at halftime . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , and some paper or something in the Super Dome up in the roof caught on fire . Oh , you 're kidding . 

So , they had to stop the game in lieu of the third quarter -- Oh , my gos- , -- and put out this fire . Those big piece of something came flaming , falling out of the roof and landed on the field so there 's this big fire on the field and they were dumping the Gatorade bucket and everything . Oh , I ca n't believe that . 

It was funn , I mean , you just really ca n't tell what 's going to happen . That 's hilarious . 

I know . It 's like about two weeks ago I was watching the Saints . Uh-huh . And Morton Anderson kicked a sixty yard field goal . Oh . And it , it was beautiful , right down the middle . Oh , boy . He is tough , he has -- He is . -- an incredible leg . Yes . 

Well , do you think they 're , they 're going to be able to make it this year , Uh I s- , past the first playoff game ? I sure hope so . 

I 'm not sure , I 'm not sure who they play . Right now I 've got it narrowed down to the top four teams . Who 's that ? It 's pretty much going between Washington . They are undefeated . Right . And , uh , Buffalo , New Orleans , and Chicago because Chicago has only lost twice 

and one of those was to Buffalo . And they beat the Saints . Their only time they lost . 

What do you think about , uh , Houston ? Houston . I saw Houston play this summer in Memphis . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . Uh , from what I saw they were playing , when I was at the game we sat right on the front row , Huh . right behind the Houston Oilers , and from what I saw the game Houston , Houston impressed me a lot . Huh . But my brother watched it on T V and said that Warren Moon was just having an off night , and if that was an off night I 'd hate to see when he 's on a good night . Oh , yeah , 

he 's -- He 's , -- he definitely , uh , is one of the best I think . Yeah , the , their , their backfield is really impressive . Haywood Jeffreys and Drew Hill -- Right . -- and Allen MUMBLEx , they really impress me . Well , they squeaked out a game on Sunday . That 's right . Who , who did they play ? 

They played Dallas . Dallas , that 's right , They won , all because , in overtime . That 's right . I remember that now . So that was , I , I watched that game 

and , uh , that was , uh , Do you have a favorite between those two ? Well , because I 'm right here in Dallas I , I kind of pull for Dallas . Really ? . Yeah . Well , also Houston is , uh , in Pittsburgh 's division so , Well , that 's true . I 'll almost always root against them . MUMBLEx . 

I hate to say it but I hate Dallas . That 's okay . 

Well I , you know , I , I was never really a big Dallas fan -- Yeah . -- until we moved here and they just kind of grew on me . Yeah , I imagine . That 's the way , 

I 've never been a big Saints fan until the last year or two and they , they 've actually started doing something . Yeah . Yeah . So , I 've actually pl- , paid attention to them . Well , Well , do you know anything about the expansion teams they 're thinking about bringing in ? 

To tell you the truth I have n't paid too much attention to that . Really ? Um , what cities are they looking at ? Uh , right now I think this Memphis , they 're , they 're trying to get the teams . Uh-huh . And that 's , that 's where I was when I saw , uh , Uh-huh . Houston play . Saint Louis is trying to get a team . Uh , Baltimore is trying to get a team , and there 's some other city . I 'm wanting to say Raleigh Durham but I 'm not sure . 

You know , I think you are right . I think it is Raleigh . Think so ? I think I remember hearing that . Uh-huh . 

Because I know they 've got a MUMBLEx football team but I think it might be them . That would be fun . 

I 'd like to see some more teams get in . I would , definitely . I think they are supposed to put two in by either next year or the year after . And right now I think Memphis and , it 's Memphis and I think Baltimore have a really good shot at it . Uh-huh . Because I know Saint Louis is much bigger than Memphis and when I went up there they were saying that Memphis sold more tickets than Saint Louis did . Oh , really ? Yeah . It 's like the Liberty Bowl or Liberty Stadium in Memphis holds about sixty-two , 