

Uh , with regard to , uh , to jury trials . I , you know , I , I really feel as though , uh , jury trials are , are , uh , whatever system has been , been used historically , in particular jurisdiction , you know , is really the , the only kinds of things that you can use . Because the , the jurisprudence is , you know , based on , on , uh , you know , on accumulated n- , body of law . And if , if you have a situation where you change that body of law , then all of sudden they , they start , they could start going back and digging up all these cases that , uh , that would be handled differently were -- MUMBLEx . -- they judged by today 's standards . So I , I really do n't think it , they can really do much of anything to change it . What do you think ? . Uh , I , I do n't think so . Possibly in the jury selection would be the only , just for example , what we 're seeing in California I guess . 

It makes you wonder , uh , had the jury been a different group of people what would have happened with that outcome . Well wo n't , well maybe they used a little bit too much force with stuff like that but then -- Uh-huh . -- then , you know , the defense lawyer addressed each and every one of those blows apparently and , you know , the -- That 's , that 's bad . -- other two guys sat in the car -- Uh-huh . 

-- and they did n't get beat up . No . It , You know . Rodney got beat up because he , he , you know , he pur- , you know , he involved himself in some sub , self-destructive behavior . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , just like the burning and looting -- Uh-huh . -- is self-destruct . Everybody -- Oh , yes . -- says well this is the nineties and they 're going to rebuild and it 'll be even better . Hey , what do you think , you know , some , some black guy with capital is going to come in and invest in that area ? That 's right . With everybody with that mind set . They , they 're -- They 're only going to suffer . -- they 're going to , that whole area is going to be turned into residential ghetto , you know , and you might even be able to , to use it for , for a bombing test site , you know . T- , they 're only going to suffer . They , they 've defeated themselves with , with their looting and violence . Uh , I understand why they were upset by the verdict just because even those of us that are n't black or , uh , do n't live there or whatever , we all saw the same thing on the , on the tape and , uh , Well e- , everybody is saying this is going to be a new era and we 're going to reexamine this thing . Hey , the b- , the average person is going to take a look at that and say , suspicions confirmed . They 're a bunch of animals , you know . How can you really deal with an environment where you 're going to lose everything . Forty deaths . I mean there are forty people -- I know . -- that are dead as a result of that . Yeah , it 's really ridiculous . And I 'm just trying to determine , you know , how you address , how you weigh , you know , Rodney getting , getting the hell beat out of him against , you know , forty deaths . Against forty other people being , Yeah . And there 's no other , I 'm not su , exactly sure , uh , what the circumstances surrounding the deaths . And I 'm very upset that the news media has not identified those deaths -- Those deaths . -- and , and pursued it , you know , because I 'm interested in the circumstances surrounding this thing . Uh-huh . Is it a looter that got shot by a store owner ? I , you know , no tears . 

Or just a by- , an innocent bystander or somebody got actually beat to death or what . Yeah . And -- Um . -- and so I , but I , I suspect a number of them . You know , you , you see film of people being pulled out of a car and shot , you know , in , in the street . MUMBLEx Or , or beaten . And , and my reaction is I would have run over fifty people before , rather than stop . And , uh , and there , there would have been just nothing but carnage after , after , after -- Um . -- if I 'd been at the wheel . No one -- Right . -- would have stopped me . That 's , that 's exactly how I feel too . 

I would n't have , uh , they would n't have stopped my car for any , anything had I seen them coming . But I was just wondering since you 're , you 're in , you 're back east , uh , and a little closer to the , the bigger cities than we are in Idaho here . Right . I 'm inside the beltway . Oh . You know how capital gang , they always say well inside the beltway , they think thus and so and I say well wait a minute , I 'm inside the beltway and I do n't think like that . Uh-huh . I 'm a government employee . Oh . In what , uh , section of the government do you work ? I 'm with the F B I . Oh . 

Oh , that 's interesting . Yes . An- , and so , uh , uh , and , and the reason I 'm doing this whole thing is because Rick , whose another government employee wanted a spe- , segments of my speech , that -- Uh-huh . -- that were done a year ago and he wanted another collection a year later . Oh . And so this is my seventh call . A year ago I did eleven calls . Oh , I see . And so that 's , that 's why , uh , uh , that 's why I 'm religiously getting on the phone because I have a unique , you know , I have a unique situation here in that if I do n't participate , 