

Start . What kind of recycling programs do you have in Rowlett ? Um , th- , 

well right now they 've got a , kind of a central location off of the main highway , and they 've got some great big bins there for newspaper , um , plastic , um , I think three bins for glass , white , green , and whatev , whatever other combination there is . And , and I think they 've got a comp- , uh , some kind of container for aluminum . 

Plano 's doing real good on that . They have , uh , they start off putting out great big huge garbage cans . Uh-huh . Which we 're supposed to put all our week 's garbage into it , and of course it does n't fit right now . Yeah . But now we start in May , breaking it down , and they 're picking it all up . Um . So they 're going to by , and we have to separate our papers , and our glass , and then , uh , they have one day for , like , um , oh , everything you picked up from your yard , Uh-huh . and we put that in disposable bags , and they pick that up on Monday . Um . So it 's really great . I , I 'm really going head , you know , completely for it , I think it 's marvelous . Well , that 's good . 

Well , Rowlett had sent , sent out a survey , not too long ago , um , in terms in how many people were interested in having a , a pick up , I guess , on the days they do trash or something like that . And apparently a lot of people responded to it favorl- , favorably , because they 're going to do it . I do n't know how , how soon they 're going to do it , or how organized it 's going to be , but they 're , they 're supposed to initiate that some- , sometime in the next couple of months . 

Well , does your , uh , where you work , do they also have aluminum cans pickups and things like that ? Um , I 've never noticed that . We do n't have a , a whole lot , because we 're in a hospital setting , so most of the things we have are through our cafeteria . Um , 

Well , down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your , you know , pop cans , and things like that ? Um , no . There 's , there 's only one pop machine and it 's not accessible to the cafeteria now , so , uh , mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea . So you do n't have much choice there . No . Not , not really . Well I work at , uh , J C Penny and last week they brought , 

they have a sign up that says for one full week -- Uh-huh . -- you bring in your old wire hangers and they 're going to recycle them . Um . So it 's getting people clean out their closets and such . Uh-huh . And then like , the week before that , they said go through your cupboards and any food that is still good , bring it in and they brought it down to the shelters . And , they have , one , two , they have three , I think , that I know of -- Uh-huh . -- for cans for people have pop , and they put them right near where they have the time cards . Yeah . And it works great . And they have one in the room where the snack machines are too . That 's good . So they 're really going at it , and I think it 's marvelous because , Yeah . 

I , I guess Rowlett 's done a lot for the size town it is . Well , And I think they 're trying to , to make some changes . I , I noticed at the library or someplace this past , uh , month , month and a half ago , they were having a speaker , um , talk about doing lawn work and , h , how important it is to , to cut your lawn without a bag . Just to kind of mulch it , Uh-huh . rather than bag it up , because of a- , all the the grass that 's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff , and it 's , uh , I guess a lot more e- , ecological to just mow the grass and let it work its way back into the soil . Well , did you watch the program the other night on , um , was it SAVE AMERICA ? I saw part of that . It was good . The only thing I g- , thought , um , that I have n't been trying , is when I , you know , go to take a shower , to save the water , Uh-huh . and to put it on my plants . Which I had never thought about before . Uh-huh . But I 've already gone to , oh I started years ago , I guess , not years ago , but , yeah I would say five years ago , turning off my fountain , I mean my water faucet , Uh-huh . in the sink when I brush my teeth . But I did n't realize that was the biggest waste of water . Yeah . That was surprising to me . Um . I missed that question , totally , I mean really bad . I 'm trying to think , I did n't miss too many , I ca n't remember what my score was , but I did exceeding well . I was surprised . But I did n't realize that our garbage is n't being decomposed . That was a shocker to me . Yeah , well there are a lot of things that are n't , I 'm , that 's , uh , one of the things I wonder about , uh , one of the questions was , do you think more should be done , or something else . 

I , I wonder about some of the prod- , products that they do n't take , like some of the plastics and things that they do n't take . Uh , why , why they could n't do more recycling with those . Well , I was in , uh , Bizmart the other day , and , what I do n't understand is there is recycled paper in there , and it cost more than regular paper . Um . And it was only , I think , uh , forty cents more , you know , fifty cents more , but , Yeah . It upset me to realize that , hey , the recycling that they 're going through the expense of recycling , but people are n't buying it , so the cost of it is higher . True . Yeah , I noticed that about things like 

I s- , I seen a lot of adds recently for organic fertilizers and , and lawn additives and that type of thing , but the cost is , is like , double or sometimes triple , Uh-huh . what the regular things you , fertilizers and things you buy . So , in , in terms of that , it 's , you know , and , for the environment it 's , it 's , there 's a good reason to do it , but the cost is kind of prohibitive . Now , see that 's recycling , you know , 

companies that do at least go into it , I 'd like to see subsidy by the government or something , or tax-wise or something , heavily enough to where they could get their prices lower than regular . Uh-huh . So that people would use this stuff re- , over again . Yeah , it 's a good idea . It 's like when he was saying , uh , which one was recyclable , which was reusable , Uh-huh . and the recycle ones are better to use , but lots of times you do n't even see the signs on the bottles . Yeah , true . And if we 're going to really do something , they ought to put that stuff out bigger for people to see it . I had to put my bifocals on to see it . Um . That 's hard when you 're in a grocery store and you 're short anyway . Yeah . You have to get enough nerve to ask somebody to take something off the top shelf . You have n't got enough nerve to say well , put it back , it 's not recyclable . I , I 'd heard something stranger , talk about bottles the other day on , uh , on the radio station , I think it 's K L T Y . They were talking about the , 

I think it 's in Canada they 're using , oh , recyclable milk jugs , plastic milk jugs , Uh-huh . as a , a reinforcement for roads . Oh , really ? For road repairs . And apparently they , they do n't break down very easily , and , Oh . they do n't expand or , or contract when the weather changes , and this is kind of an unusual use for that type of thing . You know they 're , along that same line , they said they were using , um , what is , oh , I know , it was toilets . You know , the old ones ? Uh-huh . Smashing them up , because they 're , that stuff there is great for , in road work . Huh . And I thought , well , that 's good . And then I saw recycling on tires between , uh , well , hoses were being used , Uh-huh . and , uh , uh , soaker hoses , made out of old tires . Yeah . What else , something else was made out of old tires , I was trying to remember what it was . Oh , I ca n't think of it now . 

But I was , I was trying to get my , uh , kids , you know , to see different things that we could come up with for recycling purposes . Uh-huh . And just anything , to , you know , recycle rather than keep throwing it away , but my biggest problem is , I take the bags out of the store , buy the bags to bring the back , and then I forget to bring them in the store . Yeah . I 'm forever going back out to my car to pick up my bags to bring them and take my garbage back out . I wish they 'd really push this recycling bit , because I never realized , I really did n't realize how much stuff I actually throw away . 

Well , I think the , the more people are aware of it , the , the more they 'll do . I think that 's just the biggest problem is keeping it in , in front of the public so they understand how serious the problem is , and how important it is to do that . You know what I 'd like to see a little more . 

I do n't have any little tiny kids , Uh-huh . but if they get the little tiny kids saving it now , Yeah . in five years , when they get bigger , it 'll work a little bit more , too . True . Because it 's , we 've all got to do it right now . I just , I really amazed to find out that , what is it , eighty per cent are filled now , in , in garbage fills . In five years we 're supposed to be at max . Uh-huh . I do n't think I can keep my own garbage . I mean , I might not have that much , but I would n't , 