

MUMBLEx return anything . Well , really , the only things that I have returned have not been faulty , it 's been because of the size or -- Right . -- some problem like that . I really have n't had to return things because they did n't perform the way they were supposed to . 

Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee , yeah . The only thing I 've had lately is , uh , my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for , uh , Christmas and , uh , i- , it takes them less than a day and they 're broken in one way or another . But I do n't know if that 's just kids , or if that 's , uh , maybe those type of products sh , should be for older kids . Uh-huh . What age are your children ? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them . Uh-huh . And , uh , I do n't think they 're unduly rough , but maybe they are . I do n't know . 

But , uh , a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces and they 're easily lost and easily broken but , Uh-huh . MUMBLEx . Well , my daughter is twenty-one now , 

so it 's been a while since we 've had Barbie things . It 's been a while since they 've , uh , gone through the Barbie stuff MUMBLEx . But we did have Barbies , we did have Barbies and things , and there 

seems to me that that became a craze when she was already , oh , like , you know , third , fourth , fifth grade . Right . So she was n't in it for very long before she was out of it , but , uh , I do n't remember her breaking a lot of stuff . Do n't remember her breaking , uh , No , I do n't . But I also do n't remember lots of little pieces They 've got so many different things with it now . Well , that 's one thing they 've got . They 've got every type of imaginable , 

camping on the beach , and all of these come with , oh , like tiny , tiny little plates and little sunglasses . And , uh -- Goodness . -- my three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll , and so I finally got her a Ken doll , and , uh , less than a week later the arm was broken . Oh , dear . But they were real good about replacing it . That 's one nice thing , is they 're real good about replacing it . Well , uh , I guess if they 'll replace them , then they assume they should n't have broken . Right . 

Well , the , the , you know , those little arms are supposed to twist almost any way and -- Any direction . -- she 's not that strong , that I would -- Uh-huh . -- she 's not that big of a girl that I think could really -- Right . -- take a grip on it like a bigger kid could , you know . Yeah . The main thing that they 've , they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes . Yes . You know , that was about it . That was about it . Uh-huh . And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff but , And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics . My , my children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight . Oh , is that right ? Uh-huh and , Well , do you see that there 's a big problem with electronic things ? No , not really . We , uh , have n't had that much , you know , problem with things that we have bought . They seem to , to last . In fact , when they offer us extended warranties , we , we do n't buy them because we 've , Do n't buy them because you do n't need them . Yes . And , uh , it seems like it 's just a , an added tack on . Plus a lot of the credit cards now , you know , will guarantee , 

if you purchase on your credit card -- Oh , yeah . MUMBLEx . -- you know , then they put an extended warranty on it if it does n't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time , so it seems -- Yes . -- like it 's a waste of money . Well , you almost assume if you 're going to have problems with it , it 's usually bef- , before that warranty would expire any , the first one . Uh-huh . And like I 've even bought , on a recliner once I bought , you know , a , a , an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that , and I never used it . You never nee , even needed it . And so it seems ridiculous . And like , washers and dryers and things like that , I 've never had one go out . In fact , they usually , when they do go out , it 's either something my husband can buy the part and fix and we do n't even have a repairman come , or it means it 's old enough that it 's time to replace the whole thing . It 's time to replace it . Uh-huh . Yes . 

So , I mean , I think these extended warranties are gimmicks , really . I do too . 

A lot of it . We bought , when we first married , we bought one on our T V and that there 's , it was a five year , after the first five years , and it was ridiculous . Uh-huh . And they charge you a pretty good price for them too . Yes . They 're a pretty healthy price , and you 're trying to think oh , maybe I 'll need this . You never , you always think gosh , if I say no , then I wo n't , you know . Uh-huh . But , Well , my husband -- I do n't know . -- finally just put his foot down 

and he said we 're not going to buy any of these anymore , and if it goes out , well -- You probably -- -- you know . -- got your worth out of it anyway . Uh-huh , and , uh , so we really have been fairly happy wi- , with things , 

but now we take good care of things and we do n't , uh , run out and buy a lot of , of things either . And since our kids are n't little anymore , I 'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken . Yes , the little , well , you probably are real careful of the brands you buy and the , when you do buy things , you probably watch what kind of , type of MUMBLEx . Well , you look at the consumer guide . Yes . 

And , uh , you go around and you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the , 