

Uh , I think , uh , actually I 'm fairly pleased with the benefits that we have at the , uh , working for a large corporation . And , for me , there 's absolutely no question what 's the most important benefit -- Right . -- I think it 's health care . It 's what , I think everybody would say that . Oh , and if you try to get it outside of your corporation , you 're going to pay an arm and a leg . Right . 

Belonging to a group is the , belonging to a health group is probably the most important protection you can have after you , Right . Uh , so- , the , uh , sometimes I think it 's more important than salary . Uh , do you also get dental ? Yes . And , uh , I do n't know if I would rank that second but , uh , since I have three boys , uh , it , it can turn out to be important . Yeah , you know -- Oh , I know . -- in a , in a given year , dental ca , dental expenses can really kill you . Now my husband is with , uh , Northwest Airlines and he gets , uh , you know , the full health and dental and , uh , we have four children and what you pay just to have teeth cleaned is outrageous . Right . And I do n't know how people that do n't have it can afford it . Right . 

It 's , uh , Or maybe they do n't . Right , uh , and then , uh , uh , if the cleaning does n't get you , the orthodony will . That 's right . That 's right . Uh , I guess that would be up there . Uh , I 'm not sure if I would rank , uh , how I would rank that next to , say compared to retirement or , uh , uh , uh , pretax savings was another thing that I think is a -- Uh-huh . -- a great , a great benefit MUMBLEx . Right . And I , I think it 's really something that the , uh , the government ought to encourage more because , uh , there are all these complaints about how we 're not a saving country -- Right . -- and where the average savings rate is something like four percent in this country and fifteen percent in , uh , Germany and Japan . Uh , Well , it 's a lot easier to , to save it when you do n't get your hands on it first . Right . When you have the , when you have the , uh , the economy to scale and everything that a large corporation has , and you can , uh , offer some incentive and if the government goes along by not taxing it when you put it aside -- Right . -- you can really build up , uh , the savings and the , that you would n't otherwise do and , Uh , what about , what about , uh , lesser , uh , benefits perhaps for you but for , for the women in the , in the corporation . For example , uh , oh , Leave ? Yeah . Do they e- , even , do they have father leaves or anything like that ? 

You know , I , I do n't think so yet . They may have , uh , just plain parental leave , which either one can take . Uh-huh . Uh , I , their , uh , I know their maternity leave is on the order of six weeks which I think is too short . Uh -- Oh , I do too . -- uh , uh , I really think that we need to get into the mold where we talk about years rather than months or weeks . Oh , I think , I think it 's just a crying shame , uh , for a mother to have to go back to work at six weeks . Right , 

and , uh , She is n't recovered . And , uh -- There , -- the infant needs her desperately , at that point and time . There ought to be , uh , uh , some compromise that could , where , uh , where the person would be guaranteed a , uh , career type position but not necessarily a continuation of exactly the same position -- Uh-huh . -- uh , in exchange for a longer period of time . Right , I agree . It 's , uh , it 's so important to families then and , uh , and yet anybody who 's gotten far enough to get a good salary is really reluctant to give that up . Oh , sure . Uh , Especially in this day and age . That , You do n't want to start over again anywhere . Yeah , you 're right . I think you 've put your finger on the one benefit that I , that I would most like to see , uh , changed . Uh , the , uh , parental leave . Well , I think they 're at , they 're com- , they 've come a long way . Right . Uh , at least some companies . Some of them , uh , my girlfriend , in particular , that works for a , a rental car agency and , uh , as manager and , uh , they have a very , very poor leave policy and , uh , I just do n't know how , how women do it . Particularly , single parents who do n't have the support at the other end . Uh , Right . They do it by shortchanging their kids . There 's no other way . I mean -- That 's right . That 's exactly right . -- uh , unless they 're part of some extended family which is unlikely . Uh -- Right . -- MUMBLEx people moving as much . And , uh , they just , it 's just a terrible choice , you should n't have to make it . Uh-huh . Uh you 're right . And , uh , One of the benefits we get , of course , is travel . Oh , right . Boy , would I like to have that . It 's wonderful . Yeah . The only trouble is that you can afford to go anywhere but you ca n't afford to stay once you get there . 

Oh , listen I have friends in a lot of different cities . If you just fly me there , I 'll take care of that . That 's right . 

You have to have an awful lot of fun just , just getting there , is , has to be half the fun . Right . So and , uh , I guess the , 