

Okay . Do you , have you ever had to put your children in , child care , Mary Dell ? Oh yes . 

I 'm an old experienced hand . I started back when it was n't , stylish to do that at all . My daughter that 's seventeen now -- Uh-huh . -- I worked even when she was a baby . Oh . And I had private care for both my daughters until they were two and then I was really lucky to have put them in a , Methodist day school at Preston Hollow Methodist , right off -- Uh-huh . -- of Walnut Hill and Preston . Uh-huh . And it was a wonderful environment . I , I just wish all kids , if they have to be put in day school , could have that kind of place . Uh-huh . I see . So , it worked well . Oh . How about you ? 

Well , I have , uh , a nine year old and a six year old and neither one of them has ever been in -- Uh-huh . -- in , uh , day care for the reason of , of me working -- Uh-huh . -- but , uh , they both went through preschool . Yeah . And , uh , we 've just been real lucky -- Uh-huh . -- I think , anyway . To not , It 's not hard to find anything that 's part-time . 

So many of the churches have really strong -- Right , like half day programs . Uh-huh . -- preschool and children 's day out -- Uh-huh . -- but , it was a nightmare back when Cheryl was little and this is one of the few churches that did it . There were a couple downtown Dallas but they were so , seemed , cold and impersonal , I just could n't hack it . Uh-huh . And what I liked about Preston Hollow is that the people that were there when Cheryl was two , which was fifteen years ago , many of them are still there today . So there -- Oh . -- was real continuity . She went back as a teenager and these people that had changed her diapers when she was three were still there . Oh , my gosh . So , it , it was really neat . But it was because they had a director that had always done it as a labor of love and -- Uh-huh . -- she just kept good people and -- Oh my goodness . -- real cheerful place , lots of arts and crafts , and I 'm really glad my kids had it because Plano schools do so little of that . Right . Right . Yeah . That if they had n't had it before they hit first grade they were never going to have any art or music or any of the interpretive stuff . Uh-huh . Yeah , that is , uh , a big drawback I think in that , in the , uh , public schools out here . Uh-huh . You know , to , you 're lucky to have an art teacher and if you do you get them once a week or something , you know . 

Or pay for it after school . Our Emily 's in the third grade over at Huffman and they started a pilot program where we can pay private tuition so that they can take French and music and art and -- Oh is that right ? I had no idea . -- you know , I willingly did it but I thought , this makes me angry . This is something that ought to be in the schools -- Oh my goodness . -- rather than some of the other stuff they do . And with our budget cuts , I 'm sure -- Yeah . -- that 's not going to not going to change anytime soon . Well that 's the only way they 're . Yeah , well , that 's the only way they 're going to be able to do it . 

And parents who really want their kids to have any humanities are going to have to do that . Oh my goodness . So , in some ways I think the , the day schools do serve those purposes . Yeah . That 's true . Well even the preschools , you know they get so much of that in preschool and then when they hit kindergarten , you know , it 's like wham . Yeah . Yeah . Culture shock . It 's just , Put the colors away . Yeah , yeah . Get the computers out -- Which is too bad . -- and , you know . Uh-huh . That 's hard . Uh-huh . It 's so difficult for them . 

Um , did you have your children , did you say in home , in , in , private care , was that in your home or in someone else 's home ? Until they were two . Yeah . Yeah , both times they were at our house . Uh-huh . So you were able to have somebody come there . And that was hard too . I , I lucked out with really good people both times 

but I know so many people that are never able to find that and I 'd practically give my paycheck away to do it , so . Yeah . Yeah . Did you have a nanny or did you have someone -- Yeah . -- that lived in with you ? Well no , she did n't live with us . 

Uh , the first one was an , elderly lady who was putting a , a daughter through nursing school -- Oh . -- just purely on baby-sitting money . Oh my goodness . And she kept Cheryl during the day and then did more baby-sitting at night . Uh-huh . And she was neat because she was like the grandmother that my kids never had -- Yeah . -- because both our parents are dead . Oh . So that , that was a plus from -- Oh gosh . -- that respect as well . And then with Emily it was a neighborhood friend -- Uh-huh . -- that kept her . Uh-huh . So , I have , uh , I just can not fathom putting a little bitty baby in a commercial care center . Uh-huh . I was just listening to a program this morning , oh well , I guess it was on the HOME SHOW , but they were talking about , uh , a new , uh , , oh I ca n't even think of the name of it . I was halfway listening while I was painting . Uh-huh . Um , it 's some kind of advisory board they 've put together for parents and children -- Uh-huh . -- and they 've now moved it to Washington , D C 

and the , the doctor that was on there , the pediatrician said , you know , I ca n't imagine leaving a three week old and taking them to a nursery day-care -- Yeah . -- and leaving them there . Oh that would be hard . You know , so , um , 

Well , they give a lot more leave . I work at N C N B now , and our benefits for maternal and , and parental care and even for elderly people -- Uh-huh . -- are , are really expanding . We have more options now then we did when I , my kids were born , with being able to take off full-time longer -- Uh-huh . -- of , you can phase your schedule in so that it 's not full-time for -- Oh boy , that 's great . -- up to six months . It 's really neat . I 've , I 've had a couple of assistants that came back just three days a week or they 've , you know , whatever schedule they want from a pay standpoint . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . We try to work it with their hours . And that helps because you do n't have to just wean yourself cold turkey and say -- Yeah . -- okay , I never get to see my baby for eight hours a day again . Right . Right . And the bank has a lot of programs now for child care referrals . I 've , of course it 's too late for me so -- Yeah . -- I 've , I 've not tried them to see how effective they are but -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- I think we 're finally beginning to make progress but just not very fast . God , it 's amazing . And for our age group it 's too late , too little , too late . Right . Right . But I , I do think it 's an area that needs to be looked at and improved because more of us are going to have to work . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Two income families I think are here to stay . 

Well and I would think , you know , since big business is supposedly why the government makes the decisions they do -- Uh-huh . -- you know , the , the people that work in big business have families -- Right . -- they have children . Yeah . So , it 's only to their advantage that they get these programs going and -- Oh sure . -- working and , uh , You retain employees and keep them longer . 

That 's , that was the rationale they gave when they were giving us information about our -- Uh-huh . -- Employee Assistance Programs that -- Uh-huh . -- they want us to be happy and want us to be able to cope with trying to -- Right . -- split ourselves in fifteen million pieces . Right . Right . So , I , I hope it helps . It seems to help the new mothers -- Oh that 's good . -- not have to come back full-time . because that 's hard . That 's good to know . 

I have a couple of friends that , have , have found the , uh , you know , a pri , a private home to take their children to when they 're young -- Uh-huh . -- until they hit the preschool age . Uh-huh . And they usually , you know , you 'll find a , a woman that 's keeping like six children or -- Uh-huh . -- four to six children in the home and my future , future sister-in-law 's mother does that too , full-time . Well in Plano though the problem is , you find , and this is what I found with Emily . I , from the time she started first grade , I wanted her out in Plano area . Uh-huh . And I kept finding neighbors and friends and they 'd move . Oh . She ended up being in a different home every year . Too transit . Uh-huh . 

And I finally decided I did n't like that because it was traumatic to her to get so attached to a family and then have them move . And her surroundings . So this year I , I tried Kinder-Care and , then she 's old enough to , 