

What do you think ? . Well , uh , I ca n't be terribly authoritative on what life was like thirty years ago , uh , because I 'm not that old yet . Uh-huh . Um . I can be , but go ahead . Uh , I know that , uh , I mean obviously you look at , at technologic , the technological aspect of , of social change . I mean you did n't have , uh , you did n't have video games . You did n't have home computers . You did n't have Xerox machines . Right . I mean , uh , you , you try to , 

you go into a , a business today and , you , you try to imagine the whole thing except running off of carbon paper and it 's almost inconceivable now because the Xerox machines and , and everything have become such , you know , su- , such a , a par- , a part of the way we live . Right . We fax -- And MUMBLEx , -- everything . Yeah . 

We do n't even wait for the mail anymore . Uh-huh . Right . Yeah , uh , a business associate of mine was , was talking about how it used to be where you would send things through the mail and you had to do something , this was concerning the S E C , and so if they had business to do , they had to finish it , you know , three days in advance so they could get it through the mail . Right . Uh-huh . Because you can get it there , you know -- Uh-huh . -- in , in a matter of minutes -- Right . -- you know , through a fax machine and because of that , these quote , unquote convenience type items have made work that much more intense and that much harder . Right . Because you 're expected to work on stuff up until the last minute . You 're expected to , exactly . And I recently read an article on just this , that said stress today is so much worse . It should be less because we have a microwave and our grandmothers had to bake brownies and we can throw them in a microwave for two minutes but the more conveniences we have , the more that 's expected of us -- Uh-huh . -- and we have no down time . Like we do n't stop and wait for things to happen because we do n't have to . Yeah . So we keep moving . We do n't stop and wait for the things to bake and this to happen and that to happen . We just hit buttons and keep going to the next thing . So we have no relaxation time in between -- Uh-huh . 

-- so they say that 's really a bad thing . That you need to learn a lot of ways to , to deal with that and get your , your time in between things . Uh-huh . So that 's good . That 's an interesting point . But I just think our , our family lives have changed drastically . And I think that 's ju- , of course a part of it is technology . I mean our kids , where would they be without Nintendo and , you know , their T V shows and no- , some of that is really bad I think . But , we have all single families . So many single families now . Uh , a lot of working , both parents are working . So there 's a whole big effect on our kids and not very many of my daughter 's friends really are on their original mother and father . You know , I 'm wondering what this is going to do in ten and twenty years . Well , there 's that and there 's the fact that , you know , nowadays fewer and fewer couples are deciding to have kids which generally tends to happen . 

I mean the U S would be actually declining in population slightly if it were n't for the fact that we , have continuation , large scale immigration into the country . You 're probably right . And I 'm an O B nurse and that 's never really occurred to me but that 's , that 's interesting . I never really thought about it that way . Yeah , yeah . I saw that , the numbers on that awhile back and I was like , uh-huh so . Yeah , yeah . That 's true . When is this good or not good . Well , uh , We do n't know that yet . In terms of the long term effect , effect on , on America , in terms of the culture and everything , I do n't know . Uh , Yeah . I do n't know either . Most of the , of the next generation is going to be in , or , or an , ex- , ex- , extremely large par- , part of the next generation is going to be , you know , second generation , f- , uh , from immigrant parents . That 's true . And they 're going to be really struggling and I do n't think that America is currently the type of environment where struggling up from the bottom is necessarily considered to be good . Right , right . I mean , it 's no longer the , the , uh , the accomplishment that it , that it once was and not that many people are really trying I do n't think . Yeah . Yeah . That 's kind of scary . Huh . Well that 's true . But , I , it 's just very , very different and I guess every ten years it 's just been very different . Yeah . So . And I do n't know what 's going to happen . 

Uh , I know what I 'm seeing here at m- , my job is that people are having their children much later in life -- Yeah , tha- , -- so that they 're establishing careers and they 've got their homes and they 've got , 