

Well , I do n't , I mean , I do n't know what you think about the , subject , I 'd , the , I had never really thought of what they said before about allowing the , the sentencing to , uh , to go to the judge instead of the jury and allowing him to do that . I 've been kind of sitting here thinking about that a little bit while I was waiting for them to phone somebody , and I do n't know that that 's not a good idea . That 's not a bad idea I , um , uh , that , you know , they probably , need to change it somehow , uh , the whole system needs changing , 

we 've just got too many people in there , I agree . and , uh , MUMBLEx , are putting too many , uh , people in jail that probably do n't need to be there and it 's another form of sentencing . Uh-huh . But on that one thing , I , I still think it should be a unanimous decision , Oh , yeah , I agree . Yeah . uh , I think we 're getting to the point now where they 're going to eventually let it be , um , majority vote . And that 's not going to be good . I do n't like that , no , No . I do n't like that at all . I know my husband served on a , on a jury a few months ago up here in Denton , but , uh , it was a guy , it was , it was a drug conviction and I do n't remember he had some cocaine and th- , it was accused of selling it , and I do n't remember exactly how much he had but , uh , actually not selling it , there 's a difference , cr , cro , couriering it is what , ther- , is supposedly a difference from selling then being a courier and , Right . he was a courier . And , uh , they , he 's , he sat on that jury and they found him guilty , and they went through the sentencing phase and everything and , uh , you know , they were told that , you know , during the trial that this is this guy 's first offense and he 's got this clean record , and , and they ended up , the jury , you know , decided , hey , it 's time to crackdown here , you know , 

and it was time to do this drug thing and let 's crackdown and let 's really , and they sentenced him to fifteen years , Uh-huh . you know , which they thought first offense , okay , this is , they thought that that was , that was a good thing . And they sentencing him to fifteen years and , um , after it was all over , uh , the jud- , they sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers , , let me come over in just a second , okay , and sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers and they were told that , uh , he would probably serve three , Uh-huh . of the fifteen , Uh-huh . and that he had three previous convictions . However , they could not tell the jud- , the jury that during the trial because all three of them were in appeal . Oh , yeah . So , the jury did n't know about it , so here they based their sentencing thinking that this was this guy 's first offense , Sure . and so , you know , we 'll give him fifteen which will teach him a lesson but it 's not just , you know , horrible , Yeah . since it was first offense and he 'd been convicted three times before , you know , Oh . and , and the jury was very upset and my husband came home , a home , very upset , I mean , he felt like that , that they had been tricked , you know , Right . and so something , I wonder if a judge did n't have control of that if some of that would change , you know . Yeah , the judge might know 

or at least it , it would n't hurt to switch over there and see if it worked any better , if it did n't we can come back for something else or , That 's true . That 's very true . or , or what we 've got , so . Yeah . Well , we definitely need a change in the system 

and , uh , Yeah , obviously what we are doing is not working , you know . It 's not working , too . No . It 's just piling up on us . Yeah , and there 's , you know , there 's people in our prisons that are not being rehabilitated in any way , shape , or form , Right . 

and either they 're in there , Right . forever or when they get out they 're , you know , it 's a matter of a few months and they 're going to be right back for the same thing so the system , We 're just not willing to set a society not willing to spend the time or the money to do what it takes , so . That 's very true . Yeah . Yeah , I was talking to a friend of mine about this the other day and I said , you know , I understand that there are a lot of countries that rely on the United States , to and , Uh-huh . and the , and the people in those countries rely on our money to survive but I really believe that we need to take care of ourselves , Right . I mean , we , and , and the- , I know people say , oh , it would be cruel to , you know , pull our aid from these other countries and , and maybe so , so tell them , you 've got five years . Right . To work out a plan , to make it on your own . Yeah . And , we will continue funding you for the next two years , after two years we 'll cut it down seven to seventy fiv- , you know , seventy-five percent . Uh-huh . And after another year we 'll cut it fifty percent , and in five years , it sh , by then you should all should have a plan worked where you can make it on your own without our help . Sure . And then we 'll have all , we 'll have , we will have the money if we would do that to , Yeah . to work on your own system because we 've got some serious problems here and we 're trying to , 

Very serious , yeah . heal the world , you know , it 's just not , Oh , yeah , it 's just not working . you 're right , MUMBLEx . I look at the , I look at what , you know , thi- , what , the aid presented to the Kurds and I , I feel sorry for them and I know they 're suffering and I know they 're dying everyday , but we 've got , you know , kids here in the United States that are dying everyday , too . Sure . You know , and being , Oh . abused and neglected and , you know , I do n't know . I just have this problem with , You bet . uh , trying to heal the world when you 're so sick yourself , you know , so . Right . Well , we seem to agree on the jury thing and , uh , but , uh , we 'll need an unanimous verdict and , Yep . maybe let the judge have a opportunity to make , a decision . I think we should try it , like you say , Yeah . 

if it does n't work , we can always come back , but I think it would be a good idea to try it . I do too . So , anyway , well , we all agree . Well , good . 

Good to hear from you . You too , bye-bye . Bye-bye . 