

What are your favorite shows ? Well , I , it 's does n't seem like I get enough time to watch much T V , but -- Uh-huh . -- the ones that are out now . I , I 've watched that SISTERS a couple of times . I think that 's kind of a good show . I 've never seen that . Have n't you ? Huh-uh . Oh . I like that one , and , um , MUMBLEx I 'm trying to think . I , I do n't even know if I have any other real regular ones that I watch . How about you ? 

Um , I like L A LAW -- Oh , uh-huh , uh-huh . -- not because it 's realistic , but it 's entertaining . I do like that . Um . Yeah , occasionally I 'll see that one . Let 's see . I watch CHEERS sometimes . Do you ? And , mostly just movies , when there 's a good movie on . Uh-huh . Actually when there is n't a good movie on , too . Oh . I just like to have the T V on if , you know , if I 'm home alone or something -- Oh , uh-huh . 

-- have , either the radio or the T V -s got to be on , the whole time . Yeah , uh , oh , I do , I kind of have gotten into a couple of soaps lately . 

Oh , really . I 've , well , I 've been home with a , um , I have a baby , and -- Uh-huh . -- and so I 've have n't seemed to have gotten out as much , and -- Uh-huh . -- so I 'll , I 'll watch a soap occasionally . Uh-huh . Do you watch any of those ? 

I , well , I do n't , because I work all day . Uh-huh . But , um , I pro- , I usually do if I 'm home for a couple of days , like , you know , around Christmas or whatever , after a while I 'll start watching it -- Uh-huh . -- and then on , for a while I 'll ask people if they know what happened -- Oh -- -- and then I 'll just forget it . -- what , what ones do you get into ? Uh , I do n't even remember 

the last time I watched was back in college . It was like GENERAL HOSPITAL or something -- Oh , uh-huh . -- and I maybe watched it for a week -- Oh . -- but , um , I know that people used to arrange their whole schedules around the , you know , they would n't take a class that was in the middle of their soap opera . How funny , oh , yeah . It was a , Oh , I do n't get into them that much . When I 'm home , sometimes in the day I 'll -- Uh-huh . 

-- I 'll watch them -- Uh-huh . -- but , yeah , oh , I was really trying to think . I do n't even know if there 's any other shows that I watch or else . Well , you said you have kids . How old ? Oh , I have a six year old , and I have a , um , he 'll be a year old in January . So , you 're , you are n't a SESAME STREET fan ? Well , they do , they watch it . 

My six year old 's kind of , he 's outgrown that one a little bit , but -- Uh-huh . -- but , I 've started to turn it on a little bit for the baby , and he 's kind of , he 's entertained by it . Uh-huh . So , yes , I , I do watch that one . Supposed to be a great babysitter . Yeah , well , they 're not entertained for too long with it . He 's , he 's still too little , but -- Yeah . -- yeah , I do turn that on . Um . And I , I do like , um , DONAHUE . Uh-huh . Sometimes I watch that . I think he has some interesting things on it . 

I know , what time is that on , I never see it ? Um , that 's on at , let 's see , it 's on at four . Oh , okay . I 'm not home then , that 's why I do n't see it . Yeah , I 'll watch that occasionally . He 's got some real , I do n't know , 

there 's some real weird people that , he seems to come up with . Is n't it strange how people are fascinated by other people that they think are strange ? Yes . Yeah , oh , yeah . MUMBLEx . He does have some real bizarre things , I think . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So , other than that , I do n't know . 

What 's that ? Guess I 'm not much of a T V person really . Yeah , well , I guess it was n't a real good topic for us , but . Well , tell me , is it snowing up there ? 

Um , no . No . It snowed a little bit , um , probably about four days ago -- Uh-huh . -- and they said we were n't going to get any more for Christmas . Yeah -- Oh . -- there is snow on the ground . Well , that 's nice . 

I , I wish it would snow a little bit more . I 've heard it 's raining there . Oh , gosh , we 've broken all sorts of records . 

Oh really . They 've got , I mean , we still have some highways closed , and it stopped raining almost twenty-four hours ago . Oh , my goodness . But , um , oh , just phenomenal , I mean , I , you know , you see it on the news all the time , but until you 've really seen it , it does , it does n't really hit you . Yeah . But I was driving home from work Friday , and I saw , there were some stop signs , I mean , submerged up to the writing on the stop sign , and that was just -- Oh , goodness . -- it was amazing to me . Oh , gee so . So . So there has been some flooding and , Oh , there 's been a lot , yeah . MUMBLEx . It 's , it 's too bad but you know , the thing is that this happens , in the last three years it 's happened at least once a year , if not twice . Uh-huh . But the people continue to move back in the flood zones . Oh , gee . So , I do n't know . I mean , you got to wonder how long they 're going to keep doing that for . Yeah . I do n't think I would . Oh , boy . Because they just finished cleaning up from the last flood . Yeah , oh , what a mess . Yeah . 

Well , now , do you work for T I ? Yeah , I do , yeah . MUMBLEx oh , uh-huh . Huh . Well , this has been an interesting thing to do . 

Have you made a lot of calls or , Um , I 've , I 've probably talked maybe to five people . Uh-huh . My husband is doing it too , and he 's -- Oh . -- talked to a few more than me , and , but it 's been real interesting and kind of fun . Do you get paid for these ? 

Um , five dollars . Five dollars a call ? Uh-huh . Gosh , I wish I could do that . 

Uh , do n't you have to do it as part of its , We ca n't get paid for it . Do n't you have to do it , 