

So how do you feel about it ? Uh , I , I do n't see any problem with , with testing for random drugs . Yeah . I , I , myself , almost , uh , am in favor of it . Uh , I work at Honeywell 

and I went through a , a pretty , I do n't know , I went through a , standard drug testing thing before I , I was brought on . Uh-huh . I think that 's pretty standard . At least at Honeywell it is . Uh , I think it 's important to insure the quality and , and , uh , I do n't know , almost the goodness of character . You know -- Yeah . -- that kind of thing . Where do you work ? Uh , well I 'm a graduate student right now at Carnegie Mellon . Oh , okay . Oh , okay . And I , I just came from Saint Paul . Huh . 

Uh , interviewing with Three M . Oh , great . And , uh , they have a policy for , uh , testing . If you , if they make you an offer , then they 'll test you right before you start . Right . And I guess the only drawback I can see to , to drug testing is in , in case you are on some sort of medication that might give some , uh , sort of false positive result -- Uh-huh . -- then there could -- Yeah . -- be some sort of problem . But i- , Yeah . 

And that , that definitely happens , you know . I mean those , the drug tests , sure they 're accurate but there 's always that margin of error . Yeah . And that 's , that 's something to be aware of . Another thing is , a lot of times , you know , they are n't that accurate . They are n't that sensitive . Like if you 're on a prescription drug of some kind , you know , what are they going to do about that . Yeah . You know , I was on a couple of different prescription drugs when I was tested for Honeywell and , uh , uh , you know , I know they did n't catch that or else they would have said something . Uh , I 'm sure they screen for just a particular few types . Although the literature they give with you says yeah we do this and then they list about five thousand drugs they try to test for . Right . Uh , I do n't know . What , what program are you in over at Carnegie Mellon ? Uh , electrical engineering . Oh , okay . Great . Uh , yeah , I 'm a graduate student at U C F in Florida . University of Central Florida . Oh , wow . And this is actually a an internship up here . 

But , uh , they , uh , even for interns they , they do the whole random drug or the whole drug testing thing , so . They test you , uh , before they , before you start or before you even -- Right . -- interview or , Uh , they essentially , no I sure do n't , uh , they essentially , uh , they essentially , uh , made me the offer and then , and then , uh , did the drug testing thing after that . 

So , uh , it was one of those things where you go through the , the general battery of all their tests and , and then , they essentially give you the offer -- Uh-huh . -- and then at that point they 'll , they 'll ask you to go to a drug testing and things like that . Oh . So , uh , there 's some noise on this end . I 'm actually in a mall calling so Oh . You probably wondered , huh . But , Yeah . Wh , what happens if you were to fail ? 

Then do they give you like one ch- , one more chance or two more chances ? Yes . That 's a good question . I believe from what I remember of the literature they gave , uh , if you fail I believe they give you one more chance . They probably give you a chance to explain yourself -- Uh-huh . -- and then maybe give you another chance to go through it . But , uh , you know , once again , those things are not that accurate so there 's undoubtedly a proportion of people who do fail , you know . But , uh , wha- , are you working right now anywhere or , Uh , no . Okay . 

I 'm just about to finish my Master 's in May and , uh -- Oh , okay . Great . -- just interviewing with companies right now . Yeah . That was the first time I 'd ever gotten any kind of drug screening , you know . Was , was going to Honeywell . A friend of mine is also a doctoral student down there . Uh-huh . And he 's doing an internship with I B M . Oh . And , uh , they , basically , uh , did the same exact thing . Uh , we both got our internships at the same time and we both had to go through drug testing at the same time . So , one of those things where we went through a kind of an identical process . But , uh , Did , do they test you at , right now , at work too ? No , no . 

That 's -- Okay . -- one thing they do n't do is , is drug testing while you 're on the job . Uh , I think , I think the unwritten rule is , yeah , expect it but they do n't do it . Oh . You know , so . That 's good I guess . I do n't know . I mean , I , uh , I have gone to a couple of parties since , since that time and while I do n't do any drugs myself , I 've seen some people who work there , uh , you know , smoking a joint or whatever . Uh-huh . And , uh , you know , that 's the kind of thing that would definitely come up , you know . But no , they do n't , they do n't really do that . So . Wow . Is it formal policy that they said they might test ? Yeah . 