

Uh , being a former drug user . Whoa . I , uh , I , I guess I have to say at this point , that I do approve of it . Uh-huh . Uh , because I know that , uh , in using drugs I was not a good employee . Uh-huh . And so I can see from the company 's standpoint that there , uh , whenever you are an employee of the company , you are using its assets , and , uh , b- , you are also under their liability , under the Workmen 's Comp . Uh-huh . Uh , on my job we had a lot of Workmen 's Comp cases Where do you work ? Oh . 

And , uh , it 's also a retreading plant , and that 's where most of our , uh , injuries occur . Uh-huh . And what we do is we 'll have a drug test if an , if a , a break or a man , uh , has an accident . Then he 's automatically , uh , given a drug test . Right . Do they do it , like , you know , within hours of the accident , 

or is it ? Yes , when he goes to the doctor the first time . Yeah . And so , that kind of , uh , I do n't know if it 's been a deterrent or not , because we have , uh , just started using it -- Uh-huh . -- oh , for the past year or so . Yeah . Now we 've let some people go , uh , that wa , we , was found that drugs were used in their system . Now , I do n't know how T E C would handle it . They have n't pursued it , you know . Uh-huh . Uh , if there 's some , uh , problem I know , there was one guy that we tested for preemployment for drugs who absolutely swore up and down that it showed that he was using amphetamines , and he went to a , a separate drug -- Yeah . -- testing firm , and they showed it negative . Huh . So I think the tests themselves are not really that -- Yeah . -- cut and dried , you know . Yeah , 

I think that 's probably true , too . That 's , that 's , that 's sort of scary . Uh-huh , really . And then I also had a friend who was just around some people that were smoking cocaine . Yeah . And he tested positive on cocaine . Now then you always wonder , well is he just saying that . Yeah , yeah , really , really . Yeah . Yeah , that 's , that 's a bad situation . 

I think that probably , I think most companies now , as far as entry , Uh-huh . you know , exams require that . Yeah . I think they should . Uh-huh . I 'm a T I employee and -- Uh-huh . -- and , and , uh , I 'm , I 'm really gung ho for it . In fact I , you know , some of the places now , um , like I B M do n't allow them smoking , you know -- Uh-huh . -- in , in the plant . Right . We , we have designated smoking areas . Yeah . But , um , I work in sort of a building that 's , that 's not really , well it 's on the campus of the T I facility , but it 's a little bit , you know , separated . We lease the building . And it 's , it 's a factory environment . Uh-huh . And , uh , they , they have designated smoking , but it 's just wide open , it 's not ventilated properly -- Yeah . -- and I think that 's bad . But as far as the drugs , you know , being in the factory kind of environment that way -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- I think it 's a , it 's a definite , I think it 's essential . Yeah , because you 're endangering everybody 's lives if you -- Yeah . -- if it 's something like that . 

In fact we 've had the policy on just the random testing now -- Uh-huh . -- for a couple years , and , uh , I , I was giving my boss a hard time because I kept waiting for my name to came , come up , you know , they never , they never called me , they never , you know , and finally , the day we declared war was my time . You 're kidding . No . And so , and , and my boss has , has gone for about like three times , I think . And I told him he 's obviously in a high risk group . The executives , right ? Right , right , and of course , you know , they did specifically single them out when we started , you know , that they were going to do all them first . The executives ? Uh-huh . Yeah . Would n't that be awful if you were -- Which I thought was interesting . 

-- if you were using , and , and -- Oh , man , yeah . -- oh , lose your job and everything . Ooh , yeah . I ca n't believe I was so brazen before . I , like I say , I 'm a former drug user , Uh-huh . but , uh , I , I , well , I , I accepted Christ as my Lord and Savior , and so I do n't use drugs any more . 

Oh , what kind of drugs did you use , if you do n't mind ? Uh , marijuana , cocaine and amphetamines . Wow ! Um , yes , uh-huh . And all on the job , too . Really ? You know , it had gotten that bad . Well , it 's really lucky that you got away from that . Really , 

Cause that 's really , it 's , it 's life is so much more enjoyable . downward spiral . Uh-huh . And I was losing jobs just from doing a poor job , you know . Yeah . Yeah , that 's , that 's it . I mean , you know , there 's all kinds of drawbacks , much less the drug testing . Yeah . Just life in general . Uh-huh , that 's right . Yeah , 

well , well I 'm definitely for it . Yeah . Plus , you know , you , you want to think that , that you 're working with people who are not only putting out their fair share , That 's right . but that are not endangering your life , in some cases -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- like , uh , my husband , uh , several years back , worked for Motorola . Uh-huh . And they had , you know , I mean it was a chemical handling type . Oh , goodness . Yeah , I mean , and they have , they have some serious chemicals out there -- Yeah . -- you know , like they have emergency shower where you just run in there and strip off and dump water , you know , that kind of thing . Yeah . And they had people out there using all sorts of drugs handling those chemicals . Oh , my gosh . And that 's really , that 's really frightening . Yeah . So I think some place , you know , places like that , it should be like mandatory -- Uh-huh . -- like , you know , on , on a , on a greater frequency than maybe , Right , just , you know , paper pushers like , like I am . I would think there would be . 

Well , well you 'd think so but , uh , But they were n't ? I do n't know if they do it till yet . Is n't that awful . Because when he was at , course now it 's been years now , because it was before , it was even before they had the , the designated smoking -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- type stuff , you know , at T I . I forgot what , I guess it was like eighty-four , eighty-five -- Yeah . -- something like that . And they , at that time , they had no testing whatsoever . Huh . So that 's scary . Yeah . That reminds me of , uh , 

I have a friend who was telling me about her brother who gets high all the time , and I have just casually asked her what he did for a living . And she said , Oh , he 's the supervisor of this chemical land fill , you know -- Oh , Lord . -- where they go and dump all this toxic stuff . Oh . And I just , you know , went , Oh , where ? . Yeah , should we move ? Let me move as far away as possible . Ooh . Yeah , That 's awful . But , I 'm proud , though , that , that , um , you know , I grew up in the sixties , and back then it was popular -- Uh-huh . -- you know , Yeah . but people have really wizened , you know , become wise about drugs -- Yeah . -- and they really have a good campaign for the young people , you know . Uh-huh . They know it 's not smart , so . Yeah . So , I guess it was just a generational thing . Yeah , peer group is the other way now instead of , That 's right , and that 's good . Uh-huh , that 's , That 's the best way to stop it . Yeah , that , it really is . Yeah , well , I think we did it . Okay . So it 's good talking to you . Well , I enjoyed talking to you , Cathy . Yeah , bye-bye . 