

Do you exercise a lot ? Oh , it 's uh , scaled back considerably . Uh , right now my exercise is pretty much limited to , uh , softball league and occasional ride on the bike , but uh , I uh , I was just recently , well , recently nine months ago , got married and bought a house so my outside activities have been curtailed a lot . Is mowing the lawn a new exercise ? Yeah , lawn , it 's a forty year old house , so , Oh , my . we are doing a lot of refurbish work , and yeah , painting , lawn , gutters . You name it , all kinds of stuff , flower beds . 

I think that 's considered exercise whether you want it or not . Yeah , that , that 's true , that 's true . It 's , there 's always something to do and uh , and , and uh , it keeps me going . But ... 

Well , you 're , you are so far ahead of me . I used to uh , I used to walk two miles a day , Uh-huh . and I really enjoyed it . Yeah . Because the two miles , went fairly quickly . I could do it in twenty-eight minutes . Yeah . And that 's not stopping and talking to everyone along the way , Right . but it 's a lot . You know . It 's not too strenuous , and I could sort all kinds of things out and make plans and everything , but I do n't know what I did to my knee . I was crawling under a desk , hooking up a computer . Uh-huh . And I mashed it wrong , or I did something . 

Oh , gosh . And the doctor has had me on medication , and she does n't want me to walk , she said , that 's you know , while it 's healing , you 're going to mess it up , so I ca n't walk . Wow . And uh , she said , you know , the most conservative approach , you do the medicine , you do the medicine again and again , before you think of surgery . Uh-huh . And I do n't want her to think of surgery on my knee . I do n't want anyone to think about that , ever . No , that , that 's a tough situation . That 's that microscopic stuff , you know . Uh-huh . uh-huh , not my kneecap . 

So , I 'm , I 'm being very good . Yeah . But , I miss it . I really do , and I . Oh , that , 

it 's so aggravating to uh , to have an injury like that . My wife , uh , runs or likes to run , but uh , she 's , well , we moved , we moved down to the north end of Oak Cliff in the Castle Park area . Oh , really . Yeah , and she started running down there and all the hills . Uh-huh . And she lasted about two weeks , and her ankles could n't take it anymore . She was used to running , you know flat tracks and whatnot , and uh , ever since that , it 's just been real difficult . It 's real aggravating , because she starts in and her ankles will start hurting again and stuff . Even if she does get on flat ground , so she 's kind of in the same mode . She was all ready to get back into it and start running , uh five K 's , and ten K 's and stuff this spring , and she just has n't been able to stick with the training schedule long enough to really get back in shape . And , when you want to do it , it 's really , really aggravating . You know , it , it 's one thing to get motivated to start doing the exercise , and it 's another thing to , to already be past that and then not be able to because of your health . I can you understand that . Yeah . Uh , I do n't really want to , 

I just , know I need to . Well , it 's ... I make myself do it 

and if I do it , okay , I do n't love it , , but I will do it . Sure . Uh , it 's not anything I would want to , but I can really tell the difference , since I have not been able to walk . I have got to be so much more careful with what I do . Yeah , yeah . It 's depressing . Uh-huh , it is , and you know , you , you do n't spi- , well . 

Speaking for myself I do n't sleep as well , when I am not exercising , and uh , it 's really , it 's harder to get out of bed in the morning and all kinds of stuff , it , your body just gets used to it . Yeah , I , I do n't particularly enjoy it . Well I , I used to lift weights an awful lot , and stuff like that . I do enjoy riding bike , but as far as the working out and lifting and things like that . Uh , I , I ca n't say I really enjoyed it all that much , but once I got used to it , it was habit forming . It was , I felt so bad if I did n't , physically , I mean I just , my body was , was , was uh , tuned into that , that mode , and if I , if I skipped it then it kind of threw the , the whole , the whole system out of whack . Right . Yeah . Right boy , hopefully my , my knee is a hundred percent better . Maybe I can get back into it . Yeah . That 's for sure . Let me ask you a question off the subject though . Okay . You 're in , you 're living in the Castle Park area ? That 's right . I grew up in Oak Cliff . Did you really ? Yes , I did . Uh , just close to Methodist Hospital . Okay , yeah . On Candy , C a n d y . Right . 

Oh , in fact , I lived there oh , until nineteen , late nineteen fifties . Okay , okay . And that area , is it changing back again ? So many people are moving back into those old houses and are restoring them . Yeah , it is . 

Uh , we 're on , we 're on a little street called Bison Trail . It 's only about a block and a half long , but it 's , it 's over on the other end . It , it 's over by the far edge of , uh , Stephen 's Park Golf Course . Oh , I know exactly where that is . Yeah , it 's , it 's uh , you know where the little bridge is on North Oak Cliff Boulevard ? Yeah , sure . Yeah , we are just south of that little bridge , back-up on the hill in the trees there , and yeah , uh , our street is uh , an awful lot of retired people , but the other half , in fact , our one little block and a half there , four houses sold last summer and three sold the summer before , and everybody in their late twenties to mid-thirties are buying , and , and starting to rebuild and fix things up again and everybody is real excited . Oh , that 's , that 's wonderful . Yeah . 

That is a gorgeous , gorgeous place . Oh , it 's , it 's a lot of fun , the people are great . There too , we 've got a real active neighborhood association . And uh , we have , well , we 've got four regular parties every year and we do a neighborhood recycling program and , all that kind of stuff . So , it 's a lot of fun and it is , it 's a really beautiful area . And some , some of the people , uh , some of the higher dollars lawyers and stuff downtown too , are picking up some of those great big houses , and they 're , they 're getting them at a real bargain . they are . You know . They 're , they 're getting four thousand square feet for a hundred fifty , a hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars . Hm . And , uh , and they 're just going to town with them . They 're , people are putting in pools and , and completely redoing the outside restoring to the original , you know , nineteen thirty , nineteen forties look . Oh , wow . And it , it 's it 's really coming around . I guess ... I need to go over there and just drive around and look . It 's , it 's worth the trip . Oh , I 'm sure it must be . I 'm just , we had a lovely little house over there , it was like a two story . Uh-huh . 

Well , story and a half , really , because we had a basement . Okay . And the guy that built it was weird , I mean weird . Yeah . It 's one of these really creative houses , Okay . that I grew up in that nothing was on the same level with anything else . Oh , wow . And I just loved the neighborhood . Yeah . 

And I mean , everyone , everyone had houses like that . They were all completely different . Uh-huh , that 's right . 

and so neat . Yeah , ours is kind of a little ranch style with a great big , oh , I guess , it 's twenty-eight by fifteen front porch . Oh . Next door , we 've got an Austin stone . Across the street , the guy , it was burnt out about two years ago and , and the guy moved in and completely redid it 's got , oh , it 's got a rounded front on it . It 's all brick , and he 's , he 's landscaped his yard and he 's about ready to put in a pool and things like that . So , yeah , there 's a variety , you just do n't see it anywhere else , as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot . Now , why could n't your wife run around the golf course ? Is that not good ? Oh , she could , a little bit . We , I tell you what , 

we got into the fitness center at Methodist and they have a quarter mile track there . So she has started doing that rather than uh , rather than take off . The problem is she 's a school teacher and for her , she ca n't run in the morning . For her to get home and try to run at six o'clock in the night , in the winter time , it 's starting to get dark and , you know , you do n't want to , she does n't want to be out by herself anywhere in Dallas . Regardless whether it 's north Dallas or whatnot , when she goes over to this fitness center , it 's fenced in , and there 's somebody in the building , watching her and all that , so there 's a lot of consideration . Yes , I , I really hear that , you know , I think , you know , you 're in Oak Cliff . Uh-huh . But , I 'm in Plano . 

In west Plano . Yeah . And we live on one of those blocks that it 's a neighborhood watch block . Uh-huh . We all know each other , and the street does n't go anywhere . Right . If you are on the street , you better belong there . That 's right . Because it 's not a through street . That 's right . And , still , I want to get up early in the morning and walk . Uh-huh . Before this knee business . 

And my husband had a lot of heartburn with that . Yeah . I mean , it looked darker to him , because he , he was in the house with the lights on . Right . When I was out walking , it , was more of a predawn type , pretty , but , huh-huh , he did n't think it looked predawn to him . Yeah . It looked dark . Yeah . And even he was real concerned about that . So , it 's not just because you are in Oak Cliff , it 's just because you 're smart . 

That 's true . That you do n't do things like that . It only takes one time . That 's right . 

It 's a hard lesson to learn . There 's only one crazy out there , you know , to make any difference . Yeah , yeah , you know , it goes all over well , you got the . 