

Uh , well how is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes ? . We , uh , well , uh , my , my husband is right now teaching an aerobics class . Uh-huh . He 's an aerobics instructor . And , um , is going to be , uh , entering North Texas for uh , a Kinesiology program there . Uh-huh . And , um , the , the how I met him was through , uh , the aerobics class that he used to teach . Uh-huh . You 're a student ? Yeah , so . Uh-huh . I 'm , I 'm an avid aerobics , uh , person and just very , very athletic . Enjoying a th- , you know , uh , anything dealing with sports . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So , and how do you feel about it ? . Uh , I 'm , I am a person who wishes I had more time to exercise . I , I do n't feel like I , I do n't very often do things for the sake of exercise . I do n't feel well unless I am exercising and I try to do things that involve exercise , but , I very rarely do things like , um , I 've never done aerobics or any sort of structured , this is my exercise time -- Uh-huh . 

-- but , I do lots of outdoor sports and things , bicycling , uh , you know , mountaineering , a little mountaineering , this and that , and I spend a lot of time and I probably get more exercise than your average person . But , it 's not a , a structured sort of thing , and I have to admit I have a certain resistance to the idea of exercising for exercising 's sake , Uh-huh . and perhaps , it 's because somehow that implies to me it 's not fun , or something like that . Yeah , well I , I 've , my , that 's the way my mother stands on it . She feels like if it 's something that you have to do , you know , Uh-huh . if you look at it as if you have to do it , Uh-huh . then it becomes , it becomes a chore , Yes , yes . and , and , she does n't enjoy it when it 's a chore . 

So , um , and I feel that way too as far as , you know , just sitting and doing , you know , to , the idea of doing fifty sit-ups or something , you know , to , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you 're a calcu , you know calculated down and do your calisthenics , Uh-huh . you know , three times a week or , Uh-huh , uh-huh . but , but I do try and , um , I do try and regulate how much exercise I get a week . Yeah , yeah . Is that why you like aerobics classes , because you 're not , sort of , someone else is doing the counting for you , so , Yeah . it makes it less of a chore ? And , it 's got , and I 've always enjoyed dance . Yeah . So it involves , you know , I , I ca n't get out to dance all the time and , Yeah , would that we could . Yeah , and it 's , and it 's more regulated , 

I mean you 're , you 're using different parts of the body . Uh-huh , uh-huh . So , it , it is like dance , an- , and it 's structured like that , but you have the music , and someone , like you said , someone else is counting , Yeah . so , it makes it easier for me . Uh-huh . And , someone else is telling me , okay , you know , let 's move this way , let 's move that way , Uh-huh , uh-huh . instead of me having to think about it so much . Right . 

You can just trust someone else to give you full exercise and all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself . Yeah , yeah . But , I 'm like you , 

I also , um , like to participate in , uh , things like , well , we just went to the , uh , Myererson Symphony Run this past weekend , and , and that was a lot of fun and you get to meet different people , Uh-huh , uh-huh . and , um , just get out , you know , Uh-huh , uh-huh . out and about , and it 's , it , it 's something you can all , like our , we did it as a family , so , Uh-huh . it was , it was quite a lot of fun . Uh-huh . and , biking and I , I , I love to swim , so I love it when , you know , it 's swimming weather , Um . and , uh , 

Well , you 're talking to someone from California where it 's often swimming weather . Oh , I did n't realize that . Uh . I 'm sorry . Well , I 'm in Texas . I , I just assumed that I had , this is the first call I 've done , Uh-huh . and , I did n't realize that they ha , were going to reach out to people from , all over the country . You would n't know that . Oh , I , So , it 's the , it 's , it 's the , the act- , well it 's actually , it 's interesting , because there are re , real regional differences . 

Um , in California there 's , uh , almost an assumption , um , unless you 're , sort of , clearly of an older generation , or something , you know , in your sixties , or something like that , I 'm , I 'm , I 'm not . Uh , there 's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness , and , and , at least in urban California . And , maybe not , I do n't know about rural California too well . But , in urban California it 's just , you know , for all I know aerobics started out here . I do n't know where they actually started , but they , you know , the craze really picked up big here and before that there was the running craze . And , they , California gets , you know , tends to be a bit faddish , but , Uh-huh . the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere . So , there must be something to some of them . And , uh , Well , I think people are , are more inc- , um , um , 

people from California seem to be more health motivated all around . I mean , as far as the diet , and everything . Uh , the diet and , uh , just your health consciousness , and , I mean , it just , Uh-huh . seems like , uh , a lot of those ideas generate out of California . Not just exercise , but , Yeah . health , health related ideas . And , I , it 's curious , I do n't know why , do n't know if it 's , do you , does California have a , Well , there 's a sense of it being a package , 

I think . There , there is a sense of , you know , whole , there 's a lot of , you know , you 'll get organizations , like institutes for the whole health , or whatever . And , uh , oh the , the , the uni- , University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER . Which is , uh , turned into a fairly well subscribed to , uh , newsletter , Uh-huh . monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that and , and , it does n't deal with just exercise , or just stress management , or just diet , or anything . It , it 's on fairly so , solid scientific ground . Uh , it 's just dispensed with these distinctions . It says ever- , all sorts of factors go into health and there 's no reason to talk about one rather than another , so that they , they combined them all together . And , uh , so it 's had that orientation for quite some time . Um , there 's been some progressive medical schools out here , Uh-huh . that have taken that approach . And , um , Now do you think that 's because they 've realized that for whole health , that , the , you know , you have to have that combination , or that people are motivated that way so that they 've incorporated that into their program . Boy , Do you think the program came first or the , yeah , that , there 's a , I , I can say there 's a correlation , but I could n't say which , which caused the other . They sort of , dev , you know , each developed a little bit and then would feed off one another and develop a little bit more , and a little bit more . Yeah , the more money they put into it . Yeah . And , I can see that . And , cause , I , knowing from institutes of learning like that , I know that they 've got to get their money somewhere , and somebody 's got to be willing to pay for it , and believe in it , so , Yeah , yeah . Exactly . And , part of it is California , you know , in , back in the sixties , had a lot of alternative movements and some of them fizzled out and some of them were disastrous and others of them , um , had an impact on the society around here . And one of the ones that had an impact was , uh , people becoming interested in alternate practices , I 'm not sure if it was a meditation practice , or if it was , you know , which is similar to a stress management practice or alternates to , uh , A M A approved medicine . Uh , you have , you know , major , um , acupuncture schools and things out here . And , and you could have them around long enough and more and more people start believing them or wondering how to combine them with other things , Uh-huh . and , before long , you , you get this , this whole kind of Gestalt , this whole package of , of health , of health care and options -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , and exercise is , is strongly considered one of them . The irony is , is it 's people in the cities , in my experience , that are most oriented towards doing the exercise . And , I guess because they spend all day in back of their desks . The average person out on the farm , at least traditionally , now they drive fancy tractors as much as anything -- Yeah . -- but at least traditionally , the laborers , last thing , Or they 're older . Pardon me . Well , do n't you think they tend to be older in the rural ar- . I , I sometimes think that it 's almost frantic effort on the part of the people in the city . Oh , like everything else . I live in a rural area , Yeah , yeah . The rat race to exercise . you know , I see that . It 's , yeah , it 's , it 's like it 's frantic , to , Uh-huh . Yeah , well I , as a fit person . I think so . I mean you , you 've , 

if you look at cert- , if you look at other cultures , like I know a little bit about people who were considered very healthy in China and they do n't do very much vigorous exercise at all . But , they do a lot of low keyed , low impact , low stress exercise , and they combine it with a , you know , meditation or whatever . Some sort of relaxation -- Uh-huh . -- and , they seem pretty , you know , they do n't have the hard body . They do n't have that perfect look , and an awful lot of exercise is sort of image conscious . But they , you know , they live to a hundred and ten some , you know , Yeah , And , that , that 's , 

Well , do n't you think a lot of that is diet too ? and , a lot of that is diet . That 's true . Yeah . Yeah , I mean , they eat , they eat a lot of carbohydrates , and not much fat . Uh-huh . Um , for economical reasons , not for preference . Um , Yeah 

and as we can see . Well , I 'm a , I 'm a practicing vegetarian so , uh , I 've read a lot of information , knowing that to be true , Yeah am I actually . What 's that ? I , as am I . Oh , are you also , Yes . Well that 's , that 's good as far as the cal- , is that , is that , um , pretty predominant as far as California do- , doe- , It is in the urban areas , yes . 

In the urban areas ? Most , for example most restaurants in an urban area will have a little vegetarian section now . Uh-huh . Oh that 's wonderful . Well most , most , mo- , sort of modern looking restaurants will , Yeah . you can , That 's great , I mean , we , uh , it 's such a chor- , it 's such a trouble here . I mean , you just have to eat at home basically . 

I was wondering that , because I was actually applying for a job in Texas , and , and , and , uh , Well of course in the cities , it occurred to me , yeah , well , in the cities , we live close to Dallas , Uh-huh . so , uh , which , you know , 

you get , uh , an influx of a lot of people from all over the country , so , Uh-huh , uh-huh . you 're going to have a lot of di- , more choices , but , Yeah . Yeah . but , in urban areas it 's , you know , steak places , an , Yeah . and it 's not a , you know , it 's , uh , it 's definitely , it , it 's , it 's changing to a degree , Yeah . And , even , even with health food stores and stores where you can buy natural products or , uh , organic , you know , materials , Uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh . and foods and things . You do n't really have that , I mean , you would think . 