

Okay , while I was waiting for you to connect , I , I thought of a couple of menus , so I decided it had to be in it , informal or not . You know -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- because that 's a lot of fun , especially this time of year where it 's so nice out . Yes . Um , if it was formal I 'd probably go with something like a chicken breast or lasagna or something . I 'm not I 'm not into formal dinner parties , but -- 

I see . -- I 'd probably go with lasagna , a green salad , and garlic bread . So what do you use for cookbooks ? Um , I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married , but , it 's kind of the bible of cooking -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- for me . Then I have some from like church that are more family recipes that are more useful . Uh-huh . You know , budget cookbooks , but -- Uh-huh . -- and , of course , you get a lot from when you 're growing up . Uh-huh . Um , I cook a lot the same as , as my mom did , of course I 've added several -- Right . -- different recipes , but , what you serve or what would you , 

Well , I , I , I think we come from , from different backgrounds , uh , so the , Well , that 's good . I , I , I , 

so , it diff , you know , have different perspectives that you are . I find the JOY OF COOKING to be a remarkably useful book -- Uh-huh . -- to , to fall back on , because it has almost everything in it . But on the other hand , it 's not very inspiring , uh , it 's a good reference when you need to dig something up . Uh-huh . What we 've found very useful is a book called THE THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK , I think that 's the title , by Marion Burroughs -- Huh . -- uh , which has recipes which allegedly can all be prepared in thirty minutes , you know , the whole meal -- Yeah -- -- and so she 's -- 

-- that would be wonderful in these times . -- yeah , now , now , I , I find that the cutting up of the food , and all that really makes it take a little longer than thirty minutes . Yeah , But they 're , but they 're , but they 're interesting -- Uh-huh . -- they 're interesting menus , um , combinations that you would n't have , nobody thought of . Uh-huh . Um . What 's one of your favorites ? Um , gee , 

the one I had most recently was , was one that , was , ha- , she , she describes as Jim Beard 's favorite , um , summer menu , or something , and it consisted of , of grilled kielbasa sausage -- Uh-huh . -- uh , a potato salad with olive oil , and uh , some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there . Wow , sounds too good . Uh , and that , and that was , you know , that 's , that , that 's certain you can do in thirty minutes . Yeah . But there are a whole lot of , you know , I mean , I , I would recommend you look at that book -- Yeah , that THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK . -- if you 're a busy person . THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK . 

That sounds fun . I find a lot of the cookbooks that , I do n't know , that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients , or things I do n't keep on hand all the time -- Uh-huh . -- and I have young children , and our budget 's set , you know , at this time , but I want to use simple recipes that -- Uh-huh . -- I have things on hand , I do n't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I have n't heard of . Yes , yes . That 's why sometimes I shy away from , uh , more of a traditional cookbook -- Uh-huh . -- but , well , it was interesting talking to you . It 's a fun subject . Food is one of my favorite things too . Yes . Anything else you wanted to add ? Well , you had said dinner , you know , you know , what would I put together for a formal dinner . We , we had some friends over as recently as Saturday night -- Oh , wow . -- and , and , um , put , here , here 

the inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert , you know , a chocolate mousse recipe -- Uh-huh , that 's good . -- and a sort of MUMBLEx cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella -- Uh-huh . -- um , which is this wonderful thing you can do , um , basically you 're baking , baking chicken in a , in an open pan , um , having marinated it first and , my wife did this part so I do n't remember all the details -- Uh-huh . -- marinated in olive oil and some seasoning , um , and cooked with some olives and some , and some prunes , uh , there 's a little bit of brown sugar in there , and it bakes up and it 's a delicious thing , and it 's easy -- That sounds good . -- comparatively . That sounds really good . Um . I 'm sorry , I just love , 

It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am , I 'm pretty simple right now , but . Well , maybe a little more leisure time -- Yes -- -- to do it . I do n't know , 

-- that 's probably , that 's true , I have little ones and we , and they wo n't eat , you know , too many different foods -- Yeah . -- right now . 

I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little -- Yes . -- in terms of their tastes . Yeah . Well , there again , sometimes it was easy , they 'd , you know , canned ravioli was , one of their favorites , and so it was easy to -- Yeah . -- open a can of ravioli . Spaghetti 's a pretty staple every other week or so -- Yes . -- and it goes a long ways too . Well , nice talking to you Cheryl . All righty . Okay . Talk to you later maybe . Bye . 