

Okay , uh , why do you think it , uh , sounds , do you think we should adopt it ? No , I do n't like metric system . 

You do n't ? I , I , I think the country is , is , uh , too ingrained in the inches and , and just the general , uh , background , the history of our country has been inches and I do n't think there 's a big advantage in going to the metric system . Uh-huh . It , it 's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years and there are going to be people who die because of it because they do n't understand , uh , you know , simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive -- Yeah . -- and you know how far away something is and it 's , it 's not in our national consciousness to do it . We 've always measured things in the English system -- Yeah . -- and , you know , everything , you know , our land is in acres , our people are n't going to understand what -- Right . -- an amount of something is . Yeah , 

I , I agree with you . I do n't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system , I do n't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the , the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America -- Yeah . -- and also the , uh , I do n't know it seems almost like there 's this , it 's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we 'll look good to the other nations because I think they , that 's an area that the other nations , especially Europe , look down on us like oh , we 're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system , who have n't really attained it yet . And I feel it 's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us . And it 's like , hey , we 're content with this . No , it 's probably not as accurate , probably , you know , intellectually does n't , it 's not as sound intellectually , but , like you said I mean , come on . I had six years of college and I do n't know the metric system and I do n't care to learn it -- Yeah . -- and I 'm not some kind of an idiot , I just , And it 's easy to trans- , we have a computer for just about everything now 

and if it 's necessary to translate back and forth between them , it can be done -- Yeah . -- because I 'm a mechanical engineer and I 've had to work when I was designing packages for people , I mean I had to , to work both systems -- Uh-huh . -- back and forth and it was not hard and you get , you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want and you can push a button and it 'll convert every measurement on there -- Right . -- you know , from one system to the other -- There 's a lot of -- -- in seconds . 

-- people , like you 're educated , I 'm educated , my husband is , but , I mean , a lot of people are flat not educated and if I have a hard time , you know -- Really . -- putting that into my life , can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that does n't have any college or I do n't know how much of the -- Yeah . -- you know , but a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population -- Absolutely . -- they do n't have any college probably much at all and if we ca n't take it and use it easily , well , how can you put that on , like , elderly people and -- Oh , yeah , it 's just , -- you know , just people that maybe just are n't blessed with as , as much sharpness and ment , mental acuity , Or , or even have had the ability , you know , the chance to , to go to college or to , to -- Yeah . -- to learn about , I think it 's still good they do cover the system . I think it should still be taught in schools . Yeah . And they do , I know now because I , even when I was in elementary school years ago -- Uh-huh . -- they were , you know , we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and the various , you know -- Right . -- basically the other alternate forms of measurements , things like that . Yeah . And , and that 's acceptable . Yeah , I think it failed , too , because like what you said of just , you know , hey this is ridiculous . The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now . Yeah . I mean if you look at the average family it 's , like , man , they barely have time to stop and get gas , much less to try and figure out how much gas they 're really getting and -- Really . -- do all this . It 's like , I mean come on let 's take the pressure , 

You know you need twenty gallons , but do you need how many liters . Yeah , and it 's just like another thing -- Yeah . -- the American family does n't need any more pressure . Just leave them alone , let them measure their drinking water in cups and -- Yeah . -- leave them alone . And it , it just does n't , MUMBLEx it just does n't make that much difference in the average life and the scientific community and places where it 's needed -- Yeah . 

-- you know , that 's fine and the rest of the world , I mean , we are , it 's not , we may not be the top , I do n't know if we 're the top , we 're one of the top superpowers of the world . Uh-huh . 

That 's , It may be arrogant , but I mean , let them come to us . That 's kind of the way I feel about it . We can convert , And , and if they do n't like the way we do it just get off our , do n't worry about it . And I think , Yeah , it , it 's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German . Right , it is -- You know . -- because it is another language , yeah . Yeah . And , and , instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate . And that 's what I think we ought to do with the metric system . That 's funny . Well , that 's good . I think we kept it at real good . Okay . Is that all we need to say ? Yeah . 

It 's been nice talking to you . You , too . I think that was good . Okay . That was the best one . Usually I get distracted off the topic . You know what I mean . Yeah . And we 'll end up , one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania , and we were talking about something tot- , income tax or something . . All right . And I just , Well , good talking to you . Anyway , I appreciate it . Have a good day . Bye-bye . 