

Well , credit cards . Yeah . I 'll tell you what , I , I ca n't say a whole lot about credit cards because I , uh , tore mine up . Is that right ? I , I know pe- , I know some other people that have done that . Yeah , uh , I got in some problems with , uh , financial problems because of credit cards so I , uh , basically just got rid of all of them . Um . I , I have a , a couple . I have a , uh , gas card that I , that I use just for gas and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , uh , one that I use just for emergencies but , Uh-huh , yeah , 

I h , I have , we have some , some friends that did the , exactly the same thing . They , uh , you know , they kind of overextended and borrowed and borrowed and finally they realized that they were , they were abusing them and were n't going to get out of the hole and they just cut them all up except for , for one they kept for emergencies and -- Yeah . -- they 're still paying away to get out of debt . I know it . But , no , I did just the opposite . I , I guess I , I sort of followed in my , uh , parents ' footsteps . I have quite a few of them . I -- Uh-huh . -- use them continually , but I , uh , I basically never charge anything I do n't have the money in the bank to pay for . And , uh , and I always pay them off totally every month . Oh , is that right ? Yeah . That 's a , that 's a good policy . Yeah , and it , you know , I mean , they , they 're just a convenience for me . I do n't have to get cash out of the bank , and I do n't have to to be writing checks and -- Yeah . -- and , uh , Yeah , uh , sometimes I wish I had them , but in most cases , I 'm glad I do n't -- Uh-huh . 

-- because I , you know , unfortunately I , I , I do n't have the control you have . I wish I did , but -- Yeah . -- but I do n't . Uh , and it , you know , it , I just do n't want to get into that situation again , so -- Uh-huh . -- we 'll , Yeah , I mean , it , it 's easy , 

I mean , you do n't have anything transferring , just a little signature , so what , you know . Oh , that 's it . See , and that 's , even with my gas card -- Uh-huh . 

-- you know , I find that I 'll go in to get some gas and I 'll end up buying , you know , candy and drinks and -- Right . -- you know , sweets and whatever , and then at the end of the month I , you know , I get a bill and I 'm thinking -- Surprising . -- what did I get , that costs so much . Yeah . And , Well , you know , but the , I mean , there are sort some inherent limits there , you 're not going to , you 're not going to run up a few thousand dollars for that , right . Yeah , 

that , that 's true , but I can , I can under , certainly understand where , Now I , You know , W- , 

the thing that probably helps me most doing that is really , you know , uh , not so much discipline , I mean , well , I mean , you have sort of a discipline in general about finances , but , but I hate their , their rates so badly , I mean -- Oh , yeah . 

-- their interest rates so badly -- Is n't it , that 's unbelievable . -- that I , How , let me ask you this . How , how old are you ? I 'm , uh , thirty-three . Thirty-three ? Thirty-two , 

excuse me . Okay . You 'll be thirty-three this year ? Yeah . You want to be thirty-two as long as you can , huh . It 's coming . Uh-huh . Yeah , I , I know what you mean about the interest rates . It 's , uh , it 's unbelievable . You know , I just , that just irritates me so much that , that I refuse to pay them interest and , and my wife recently , uh , decided she had to go to Brazil and was going to take off 

and , she 's from there and -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , did n't really have the money , but , you know , she could pay it off , and so I , sort of reluctantly let her put it on credit cards , but she 's paying it , and , uh , I just wo n't do it . I mean , she 's paying , I do n't know , I do n't know what per month , you know , forty , fifty dollars per month in interest -- Oh , jeez . -- and I just , you know , I just refuse to give it to them . If I need to borrow that kind of money , I 'll go to the bank and , uh , Yeah , and then , you bet . You know . That 's , uh , yeah , 

I , in fact , I 've , I 've even , uh , heard some people that have applied for credit cards with much less , uh -- Income . -- rates -- Oh , yeah . -- and have paid off their , you know -- Right . -- higher interest rate , uh -- Right . -- cards and just sent them back , you know . Yeah . And I , I guess there 's some , there 's , uh , uh , some negotiating there , too , because I heard , uh , on one of the local talk shows here , they had somebody on and , and said , what you can do is , uh , call , you know , if you 've got a pretty good rating , uh , credit rating -- Uh-huh . -- you can call your in- , you know , your , your card , wherever you got your card from and tell them , hey , either drop my rates -- Right . -- or drop my , you know , uh -- High , -- annual fees or I 'll just go to somewhere else . I might , You know , and if you 've got , if you 've got a pretty good -- Um . -- uh , uh , history with them -- Right . -- they 're more than willing to do that . 

Um , I might try that because I , I have one card that I 've had for about , uh , I do n't know , nine or ten years . Yeah , in fact , that 's , that 's what this guy , you know , he wrote a book on it and he says that 's , you know , he 's tried it sev , with several of his cards -- Uh-huh . -- and he 's just told them , you know , I , I can get this card from this bank at this rate and yours is at , you know , eighteen or nineteen percent . Right . It does not make sense for me to do that and if you wo n't drop my rates , I 'll just go ahead and send you back your card and I 'll go somewhere else and get it . Yeah , for me the big thing , you know , is the , uh , uh , is the annual fee and I just refuse , I wo n't get any card now , I 've , I 've got a good rating and I 've got , you know , Uh-huh . And I 'm not going , I 'm not going to pay an annual fee . The only one I actually pay on is this one that I , that , the very first , 