

Well , um , with credit cards is , me , I , uh , I try to get maybe just one or two , I do n't , I do n't like having credit cards for every store . I , I , uh , I just do n't like them . 

What are you afraid of with them ? What am I afraid of ? Yes . Um , I do n't know if I 'm really afraid of spending too much . I just , uh , do n't think that I need them , you know . I , uh , they are tempting at times , but I , I just , you know , sometimes I just do n't like everybody knowing everything about me , you know , so , Well , that 's very , can be very , very true . So , and th- , you know , everybody just gives you a credit card just so you 'll spend money so , Well , that 's the idea . 

They figure that , Yeah . if they give you card , Uh-huh . at no charge for a whole year that you will use it and , That 's right . See they make money off of it , whether you use it or not . Absolutely . Well , the other thing , of course , is the fact that they hope , you will not pay your bill at the end of the month , That 's right . so that you would be paying interest . Uh-huh . I use mine a great deal , um , for groceries , for everything that I can and , Uh-huh . then just write one check at the end of the month , That 's what I do . for the entire thing , right . That 's what I do . Just a second . Sorry . That 's all right . Sounds like you have a little one there . I have two little ones . Yes . Oh , you have . Yeah . So tha- , Great . How old are they ? 

MUMBLEx um , four and two and half . Oh , boy . Those are two very active ages . Yes . So , yeah , um , I 'm , I 'm like you I , I use my , only use my credit card for , um , you know , when I , you know , I just use it whenever I feel like I do n't want to write a check , and then , but I do n't charge anything that I ca n't payoff at the end of the month . Uh-huh . So , Well , uh , do you , uh , do you ever use the A T M machines ? No , I never do . My husband does at work just to get cash out , but , uh , I take the checkbook so I , you know , I , just , if I need cash , I just tell him and he gets it out and I do n't even think I know my number . 

Well , I find it a great use from the standpoint that you do n't have to continue to write checks , Uh-huh . in order to get cash . That 's right . 

See we , he could n't do without it , h- , but , you know , since he can just do it right there at work , Oh , that helps . for nothing . Right . Yeah . Well the , the other thing some people are not aware of , is they will use their A , their credit card like their Visa or their MasterCard for cash -- Uh-huh . -- and when they do that , they begin paying interest right from that very day on . You 're right . And that 's kind of silly . 

Yeah right . Absolutely . Yeah . Because they , You 're defeating the purpose . they figure that , that 's correct . 

The idea is to use their money . Yeah . And , uh , during that whole month and , Yeah . then pay it at the end of the month . Yeah , I mean , I get , I get at least one or two a week . Uh-huh . People , t- , you know , sending me a credit card or calling me on the phone and I just say I do n't want it . Right . Because I , Well , I think that 's the only thing you can do , is just say no and mean no and , Yeah . 

It 's like , not be tempted . I 'd like to know where they determine that I 'm such a good credit risk that they can go and say , you get this much credit line . You know . Well , i- , You 've already been preapproved . oh , absolutely , preapproved . That 's their favorite word . Yes . Everybody in the country is preapproved , I think . I think so , you 're right . So , Well , it 's interesting , uh , that , uh , Yeah . people have the , generally the same view . Uh-huh . 

of credit cards , Yeah . no matter where you go . And , then , some people they get so wrapped up in them that they find , you know , one day they find , wow , I did n't realize I had this much , That much stuff . 

you know , I 'd spent this much money . Right . And , then they ca n't meet the minimum monthly payments on it . Well , and some people use one credit card to pay for another credit card they own , Uh-huh . and , I mean , that does nothing , but exacerbate the entire problem . Yeah , 

it does because you 're , you know , you , you 're , you know , you 're just co , costing yourself more money because you , if you ca n't make the monthly , the minimum payment , you 're paying interest , That 's right . again so , That 's right . Yeah so , Well it 's been enjoyable talking with you . Yeah . It 's enjoyable talking with , seeing that somebody feels the same way , so , well , Right . Well take good care . 

Take care of your little ones . You , you too . Good luck . Uh-huh . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 