

Uh , I work at T I and we have , uh , of course , started drug testing , uh , random drug testing here and , uh , I have n't gotten called yet , but , uh , I feel that it 's probably pre- , it 's pretty good if , if they feel like there is a vast majority of the people at the company doing drugs . Do they feel that way ? 

Uh , I think that they thought that there was a lot of drug usage here at T I , but I think our latest sat- , statistic said something like ninety-nine point nine eight percent were , uh , testing negative on all the dru- , -- Uh-huh . -- on , on all the testing . Well , I , I think it 's a good idea just because I 'm opposed to -- Uh-huh . -- to the drugs . I think it can cause a lot of problems even though they think they can handle it . Uh-huh . It 's , uh , I do n't know , I do n't really liken it to alcohol but , yet that can be carried to an extreme , too . Uh-huh . So I think it 's a good idea and I think just the idea that you know that you may be tested -- Right . -- might keep you off of them or get you off of them because you 're , I do n't know that their job would be at risk , because I think they may put them into some sort of a program to get them off of drugs . Right . I would think that , is that how they do it at T I maybe . That , Right , I at T I , if you get called in and you test positive for drugs , then you 're put on a program 

and , uh , you know , you go through the program and then you 're called like six months after you complete the pro- , program -- Uh-huh . -- and if you test positive , then you 're terminated . 

Well , , I guess I , I draw a hard line , but , you know , I would , I 'm , I 'm in favor of , of that type of thing . Yeah , uh-huh . That , uh , you , you have people out there that are responsible for certain things -- Uh-huh . -- and you expect them to do their job and -- That 's right . -- it , it is possible that , you know , that they ca n't do as good a job , uh , as they might do . Uh-huh . Oh , and , of course they can also cause injury to other people . Uh-huh . If they 're , if they 're not , uh , you know , fully functional mentally while they 're doing their job . They could cause -- Right , and you never know -- -- you know , serious injury to -- -- they could just go off the deep end -- -- oth- , another people . -- on , on a , on something -- Uh-huh . 

-- uh , that whatever -- Uh-huh . -- they 're taking at the time and , and it would be , uh , you know , out of the question . Uh-huh . Also , I guess you can , you know , get the wrong kind of stuff and kill yourself -- That 's right . -- just by having a wrong mix of or watered down or -- Oh yeah . -- or whatever , all kinds . I sub in the schools -- Uh-huh . -- so I 've , you know , had a , they -- So , -- they talk a lot about -- Right . -- drugs there and I think it 's good that they 're trying to start some programs down in the elementary schools . Right . But , you know , I think they can test all they want for drugs you know , and -- Uh-huh . -- if they need to do that as a condition for employment and I know many of them are doing it . I know my son has had to do it for both Sam 's and Wal-Mart -- Uh-huh . -- and I do n't know how many others are doing that and , and I think that 's good -- Oh , yes . -- because -- Uh-huh . -- so many of the kids that are on them are sort of bums that they need to get their life straightened up at -- That 's right . -- an early age and , uh , , I do n't know , it 's just a problem that p- , no one is sure just how to handle -- Uh-huh . -- I think . You know , I think personally I 'm for it . 

There 's several reason why I , I could think of right now why we should n't have it such as drug testing , they say , runs approximately a thousand dollars a person every time you do it . Really ? And , It 's that high ? Yes . And , oh , yeah , it 's very expensive . Oh . And , uh , 

I did n't realize -- Uh-huh . -- it was that expensive . It 's not like a normal urinalysis -- Uh-huh . -- it 's very expensive to run them . And , uh , I did n't get a raise this year , because , nobody in our company got a raise . Uh-huh . But , yet -- Just lucky to have jobs . -- they spend all the money on drug testing and if they were n't spending all the money on drug testing , people could have got a raise . So , see , there , you know , there 's different , I do n't think that that 's , that , I think that 's more of a personal view of mine -- Uh-huh . -- other than a , a yes , sir , we should have drug testing because there 's really a problem and I know that . But then , I have other views to it . 

I just , I did n't think it was that expensive because my son was in probably a week and a half period -- Uh-huh . -- and Sam 's and Wal-Mart are , are owned by the same people -- Uh-huh . -- he took one for , for , uh , Wal-Mart -- Uh-huh . -- for job hiring and then Sam 's called him and , and he took another one -- Right . -- and I , you know , I do n't know why they both made him do that -- Uh-huh . -- since it was so close together . I can see if , because , you know , if it 's a thousand dollars , that 's a thousand dollars they wasted . Theirs might not run a thousand dollars . Our , from what I understanding here at T I , they run close to a thousand dollars an employee . 

Well , maybe they run , I do n't know , you know , that 's just guessing it . Maybe they run a lot of other tests , or maybe it 's under a health -- Uh-huh . -- type program that it -- Uh-huh . -- it , it would catch a lot of things . I , I just ca n't imagine -- But , no for all the , the pub- , -- them screening all these employees , paying a thousand dollars to get them . Oh , it 's , 