

The way , I 'll go ahead and start the way I work , uh , the way I dress -- Uh-huh . -- for work is , uh , this year , nineteen ninety-one has been really suit and tie , or I should n't say suit , but coat and tie every day . Uh-huh . A , a year ago , I changed jobs from being a researcher -- Uh-huh . -- to doing marketing for the research group . Uh-huh . Which means kind of a , I guess it 's a different set of standards , I guess . Yeah . So , uh , I , I dress almost the same every day . I mean , pretty much it 's a white shirt and -- Uh-huh . -- slacks and shoes and -- Uh-huh . -- a coat . But , it was very different before . How do you dress ? Well , I 'm a drafter , so I just wear blue jeans and tennis shoes and I have sweatshirt on today . Uh-huh . And that 's pretty much the norm for me . If I come in in a dress , everybody 's shocked . Yeah , I understand . They ask me , you know , what are you doing in a dress and it 's usually I have n't done my laundry lately . Right . Ran out of jeans . I understand , that 's funny . 

So , does it change ? No . Your dress , no . No , huh-uh . So , or , I guess , do you have things like presentations to do or anything like that ? No , huh-uh . So , back in my old job , up until through nineteen eighty -- Uh-huh . -- I would usually wear blue jeans and pullover shirts and the like , but , probably once a month or so , there was some reason that I would have to put on a suit . Yeah . For a customer presentation or something . Yeah , yeah . 

Every now and then I 'll get dressed up and come in , but that 's for my husband 's job and not mine . Oh , I see , I understand . I have to go to a business meeting once a month with him , but , Oh . Well , that 's interesting . So , Let 's see , uh , what else about this , uh , it , it seems like T I is pretty cut and dried with two , like , two or three levels . Uh-huh . 

That there 's the t- , upper management that always wears gray suits . Uh-huh . And the people that do n't , uh , I would , if you , if I want to say do n't have power or do n't have authority or whatever -- Uh-huh . -- like I used to be in that research -- Uh-huh . -- and I guess you are . Uh-huh . That we dress in the jeans and then there 's kind of the , the branch manager level -- Uh-huh . -- or marketing people that kind of do that middle thing . Yeah , yeah . But there 's not much , Mi- , middle of the road . It 's nice that there 's not a requirement -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- for it . Sometimes I think there should be . 

Some of these women around here look like they came off of Harry Hines . Oh , yeah , right . Yeah , I guess you see those once in a while . And you know the , they have the no shorts deal , and some of these mini skirts , you know , are worse than shorts ever thought about being . Sure . 

But , uh , Yeah . You know , that 's , I guess that 's one of the things you got to put up with when you do n't have a dress code . That 's right , that 's right . I guess they 're , the , is n't there a dress code , something about spaghetti straps , I 'm not even sure what they are . 

Supposedly and backless things -- Oh , backless , all right . -- but , I 've seen those , too , but , Okay , so this was n't necessarily a big conversation , but , I think we , we did it . Uh , yeah . Okay , 

and , and your name was Lisa . Lisa . Great . Are you the Expressway sites ? I am , yes , 

and I work in the north building . Oh , okay . Uh , well , thank you . Thank you . 

All right , good day . Uh-huh , bye-bye . 