

Okay . I 've got a , you know , I have a real good method of starting to get the budget balancing and then that 's get half of the government , rid of the half of the government payroll . I think that would probably , uh , be very possible , and , and we really would n't feel it in our services . 

Not all , I , you know , I do n't know if you 've ever been to Washington D C . Yes , I have . Uh , you , you 've seen that which was on there and the offices and in light of these , uh , hearings we 've all been sitting through the last two weeks , we have very definitely decided that every department there is just overstaffed . Right . They really do n't have enough to keep them busy to keep their noses at , in their own business of what they 're doing . Right . And the other thing is , uh , besides that I think , uh , two things that very definitely need looking at , one is foreign aid . I have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us . Right . I find that a total waste and part of the defense budget . Uh , again being just a voter and a taxpayer , you know , working through our congressman , I do n't think there 's too much that I 'm going to be able to do about it , but I believe in taking an active part in politics , so . Yeah . Well , I , one , one thing that really bothers me beyond , beyond cutting what they spend is that just really aggravates me when the big businesses do not end up paying taxes and the , um , regular normal taxpayers are , you know -- Uh-huh . -- paying such a large proportion of , of our personal income and then the , uh , corporate , you know , industries just do n't seem to not pay proportionally . Right . I think that that would , would help a lot . 

I guess in a way it would trickle down to us in the prices of things , but I do n't know . It 's just hard to , hard to take and , you know , see so much of our paycheck go out and then realize that they have all the loopholes that they can use . Uh-huh . And , uh , seems like some rather large chunks of money could come from , from that direction . But , Yeah , 

they do n't , they do n't seem to , well , I really think the biggest problem and then the Taft-Rudman Act is supposed to help that . The biggest part is they have no accountability for what they 're doing . Yeah . I mean this nonsense that 's coming through now about , uh , uh , lowering payments on Social Security and a few other things that Bush has in mind in order t- , to boost the economy because people have n- , more money as it 's , gets , it 's ridiculous . Yeah . If they do n't have that money now , bringing in less is not going to help the problem -- 

Not , not going to help . -- as far as the government . It 's nev- , never helped my , my personal situation . I -- No . -- I ca n't say it would help with theirs either . Yeah , and thank God we do n't operate our budget , the way they operate theirs or we 'd all be in , in dire trouble . Amen . But that 's , uh , yeah , I do n't know what we 're going to be able to do about it but I guess it 's sitting around so long that it 's sort of like our mortgages . I do n't ever expect to pay mine off before I die so I guess why should the government . Is n't , that 's the way they 're thinking these days anyway . It seems , seems to be . I , you know , I , it really does bother me when I think about , you know , leaving our children with , with this sort of , uh , a national problem that we ca n't seem to find an , an answer to it , uh , I do n't know . I , I do n't think it ever will really . I , 

maybe if they ever get to the point the biggest , you know , the biggest outlaid expense has always been either wars or defense . Right . Really . If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic , you know , inter , intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might . Yeah . I , I believe in paying my share , and I do n't mind , uh , paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to . But I just , I just sometimes feel like I 'm being used . But , uh , again I do n't think we 'll be able to do anything about it , so . Well , that 's , that 's quite possible . I guess we have to , have to keep plugging away a little bit or it will just totally get even more out of control but I , I do n't know . Yeah . Bite the bullet . It sounds like you have a baby there . Yeah . I , I do . Uh-huh . She 's a , we 're not feeling too well over here so that , 

Oh , really ? Yeah . Oh , that 's a shame . She 's not the one going to Washington , huh ? No , no . She 's , Oh . I do n't think I could part with her . Okay . Okay , Geri . We 've probably been on long enough . Okay . They did n't cut us off , but I think that will probably do it so it was nice talking to you . Okay , 

well , thanks . Okey-doke . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 