

Okay , so which , uh , what basketball teams are you interested in ? Well , I guess I 'm a big Laker , L A Laker fan , Uh-huh . when it comes to pros . Uh , the college ranks , um , I guess I really , of course I try to follow my alma mater , 

that 's , uh , B Y U , Uh-huh in Utah . But they do n't have much of a team usually . No , they 're more of a football team than they are basketball team . Yeah , yeah . You see them in football on T V once in awhile . Yeah . You never see them on a , on nationally basketball . 

You know , that 's true . I do n't think I 've ever seen them nationally on basketball . They , uh , last year they had a really good team , MUMBLEx the year that Danny Aines was there . Uh-huh . That was about five , six years ago by now . Huh . So , they made it to the sweet sixteen , Um . once or twice , That 's not too bad . in their history , and that 's , 

and they usually lose in the first round . Uh-huh . MUMBLEx . How about you ? Well , I 'm , uh , originally from the Saint Louis area , so the only basketball team , pro anyway , in that part of the country is Chicago . So , I , I do pull for Chicago . Uh-huh . I mean , of course , this year is a good year to be a , a Chicago B- , fan , I guess , because they 're doing pretty good . Is it the Bulls you 're talking about ? Yeah , yeah . Yeah , the pro , Um , as far as college teams , uh , I know it 's really easy to say , but I 've been pulling for , uh , Duke for about four years now 

so , uh , Is that right ? so , I finally am feeling better about myself as far as college teams . Although , I 've , I 've really , you know , again being from Saint Louis , I pull for Missouri . Uh-huh . Uh , but they 're on , uh , probation this year so you ca n't do much about that . No , no . But , uh , 

So , did you watch the , uh , final four this year ? Oh , yeah . I watched every , uh , Every game ? I watched all three games of that . And , uh , I was very pleased with all three games , because Kansas , uh , you know , I was pulling for Kansas on the other side , so it was real nice to have the , the teams that were there . Right , right . Of course , I was n't really , I mean , I , I , U N L V kind of gave me the impression of being a , uh , uh , oh , I do n't know , a macho team , you know , they just did n't seem , they seemed to think they were better than everybody else and , and maybe they were , but , um , I was real happy to see them get knocked off . So , Yeah . I , I watched that game . Uh-huh . and , uh , it was a good game . 

Oh , yeah . It was a very close game , and hard fought game . And it just , I do n't know , it looked like U N L V may have had more , uh , talent , Yeah . but , as far as playing together as a team that day , it did n't , Duke seemed to have them off balance . Uh-huh . And that , uh , they did n't , could n't , are n't they more of a running gun team MUMBLEx ? U N L V , yeah , 

they , they play the pro style , is , Right . what I 've always called it . And , uh , Yeah , 

fast breaks and things and , yeah , the fast breaks and , and , They shut all that down and made them play half court it seemed and , Right . And , uh , U N L V was n't used to that . Of course , I 've , I knew whenever U N L V went in at half time , MUMBLEx see I do n't know if they were necessarily behind , but they were n't ahead as much as they normally are . Right . Uh , and , you know , that meant that they had to play a second half and they , they 've not had to do that all year and , uh , Right , right . They did n't have , they did n't have to go through some tough games during the year and that , and that , so that 's a terrible time to have to deal with that , right in , when it , when it counts so much . That 's right . I mean Duke 's schedule was , was so much harder than U N L V 's that it , uh , it just made them a much tougher team overall , Right . and , uh , that had to help them a lot . I think , I think that , that probably was the difference in that game . Uh-huh . Because it really could have gone an- , either way . Down to the end , you know . So do I take it that you think though that the Lakers will , uh , Well , will win or , 

I do n't know . Probably not . I mean , Portland 's pretty good . Um , Since Kareem 's retired , Yeah . they have n't had a center . And , uh , they 've got Perkins , Yeah . but I do n't think he 's really been a super star for them . No . Well , he 's , uh , I do n't , I , he , he to me is not a center , 

he 's more of a , Yeah . a real tall forward . Right , right . Uh , So , I think Magic does a , They 'll make it , you know , 

i- , i- , it , it 's going to be a war between , uh , between Chicago and , uh , and , uh , uh , Boston Celtics . Oh , yeah . That 's going to be a war . That sure is . It , It 's going to be a great series . 

I think that 's going to be one of those that 's , uh , that 's won by the home team , you know , Yeah . whoever has home court advantage is going to win that one I think . One of those two will probably be , um , in there , um , let me see , where does Detroit fit in ? Detroit 's in that same , uh , that , that same , uh , division . Uh-huh . So , I do n't know , those three , uh , Detroit has n't been having that great a year this year . No , 

but as I heard , Isaiah came back this week . Uh-huh . So , uh , that might help them . Yeah . They have the , they have the play-off experience , but , Oh , yeah . so does Detroit , I mean , so does Chicago . So do , all three of them do , Oh , yeah . with Larry Bird back , uh , you can never count the Celtics out when Larry Bird 's , That 's true . starting to click on all cylinders . Uh-huh . They say he 's starting to do , starting to play , He 's , yeah but he 's been , yeah , but he 's been kind of up and down all year . Right . 

uh , one game and he 'll be playing to where everything he throws up goes in and then the next time he 'll , Right . you know , he ca n't seem to hit the side of a barn . So , I do n't know , Right . I 'm , I 'm kind of , I 'm not sure about him this year . 

Last I 've heard is that he 's starting to peak right now . Uh-huh . Well that 's when , He 's , you do it . 

starting to be more consistent , you know , right at the right time of the year . Yeah . Oh , any dark horses I , uh , you know , Well , the dark horses , San Antonio , Yeah that 's , 

San Antonio is the dark horse that could , could really flip in there , I think . Yeah . Well , anybody who has David Robinson , Yeah . has got to have a chance anyway . He 's got to be pretty much , you know , I use to say Akimo Lija was the dominant player , you know , when he , Uh-huh . 

against any team he would dominate , but Robinson 's getting up there where , That 's right . every game , he 's just , I mean , it looks like he 's going in for a dunk and they kind of just scoot out of his way or take a step back , you know , Uh-huh . nobody 's got enough beef , I guess , to challenge him when he 's , when he 's driving hard to the hoop . Huh . He 's , uh , he 's , too bad the Mavericks could n't get him . That 's true . With Roy Tarpley they 're in big trouble . Yeah . Well then , he 's gone now so , Yeah , for awhile anyway . 

they do n't have to worry about that . Well , I thought he was gone period . I , I did n't read the story , but I , I , read that , uh , I heard he was suspended . Well , that might have been what it was , Because of his , but I , I guess the headlines said something about him , you know , that the Mavericks released him or something , I , maybe I misunderstood what they meant . 

Um . If they did , they 'd still have to pay his contract . Well , yeah -- They may have done it . -- you never know . It was a lot of money . He was making like , Yeah but , I heard on the radio it was sixty-three thousand and change a month . That 's what he was being paid , you know , he was n't even playing . Yeah . Oh , boy , what a good job he had . That 's what I think . He ruined his sweet position . Yeah . Yeah . I 'm looking forward to the , the pro play-off , uh , Yeah . It 's coming up , is n't it . 

L A , yeah , San Antonio , who 's the other one that 's doing so well this year , Port- , is that Portland ? Portland . Yeah , Portland . Portland . I have n't seen them on much T V that much at all , but all I can do is hear about , boy they have the seeing eye . Uh-huh . What do they have Walter Davis and , 

They 've got two , the two Johnson brothers or they 're not brothers , but I mean there 's two guys named Johnson on their team that are really good or doing good or something , I forget how that works . But , Um . um , like I said they 're doing extremely good right now . Phoenix is n't doing too bad . So , Right . Right . It , it ought to be a real interesting play-off . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . I do n't think there 's any clear pick , you know . Uh-huh . I guess the two teams that you ca n't count out are the Celtics because of Bird , and the Lakers because of Magic Johnson . Uh-huh . They are two guys that seem to find a way when they , When it 's on the line . When it 's on the line , they seem to find a way . Uh-huh . You know , uh , so , those are what makes a champion I guess . Yeah , that 's true . Yeah . Well , it 's been nice talking to you . Nice talking to you . All right . Take care . Take care . Bye . 