

Okay , Martin , do you do any exercise ? Yes , I do . 

Uh , I like to , uh , play basketball and weight lifting . Those are probably the two main things I like to do . Uh-huh . Um , so those are more or less indoor sports . How 's the -- Yeah . -- weather out there in Georgia ? Um , in , in , in the winter , you , typically it 's , it 's probably too cold to go out and do things like tennis . Um , I like to play tennis in the -- Uh-huh . -- summer time or in the spring , fall , but in the winter it gets pretty cold . Oh . 

Um , yeah , so it 's mostly indoor sports , I think , in the winter . Uh-huh . Um , how about yourself ? 

Well , yeah , I 'm on a exercise program . I 'm riding my Aerodyne bike , um -- Uh-huh . -- half an hour every morning , and I 'm just about ready to up it to up to forty-five minutes a morning , and I feel like that 's been a real nice exercise in the winter time . It 's -- Uh-huh . -- it 's kind of kept me from getting cabin fever and , um , has seemed to be a real nice aerobic exercise . Right . Do you do , uh , any anaerobic type , weight lifting or weight training type exercise ? No , huh-uh . I , first of all I 'd like to get my weight off . I 'm about fifty pounds overweight , and so I 'd like to get the weight off , and then I 'd really like to get into that . Uh-huh . And , uh , we have a , my husband and I have a , a , aerobic video that 's called The Firm . I do n't know if you 've heard of it , but it 's a , an aerobic video with , not necessarily bouncing around and jumping up and down , but you 're using weights , and that is the most incredible aerobic workout I have ever done . It 's -- Huh . -- it 's really fun . Yes , it 's , it 's , it 's aero- , it 's similar to aerobics with weights -- Yes , uh-huh . -- but it 's like low impact aerobics , just -- Uh-huh . 

-- with weights . Yes . Okay , are you familiar with , um , step or bench aerobics ? Um , no , I mean , yes , I am , but I have never done it myself . Have you done that ? Uh , yes , I have . In , in Atlanta that 's , um , most of the health clubs -- Oh . -- are all , that 's the , that 's the in thing . 

That 's the big thing , huh ? At first it was just regular aerobics , but now bench or step aerobics have -- Oh . -- kind of taken over . So how is that ? Um , it , they call it a low impact aerobics , and it 's supposed to burn off more calories -- Oh . -- at the same time . And from when I 've done it , it does give you a good , a real good workout . But only thing I 'm concerned about is potential for injury to your knees -- Oh . -- you know , that and movement of going up on the step -- Uh-huh . -- you know , that could create a problem . Yeah . They , they seem to think that it , it wo n't , 

but you never know . Now , if , um , playing basketball , are you knees , do you have healthy knees ? Yeah , 

I , I think my ankles probably are my main weak point . Oh , dear . But , I 've , I 've kind of taken care of that . I wear high tops and then also an an- , a support ankle brace which is very stiff -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , we , wearing that I have n't had any problems in the past year or so . Oh , that 's good . Well that sounds , you sound just like my husband . He -- Yeah . -- he injured his ankle about seven months ago playing volleyball , and , oh , he 's just had a heck of a time getting that ankle healthy . Yeah , I . So that 's what he does , he wears his , his brace and his high tops and , Uh-huh . Yeah , 

I did , I injured mine so many times that -- Oh . -- rehabilitating became quite easy . Oh , MUMBLEx . I mean , it would only take three or four days and I could play again on it -- Wow . -- because after a while you just learn how to rehabilitate yourself -- Uh-huh . -- to play that way . Oh , dear . Oh . But , um , so how , how successful is your exercise video ? It is amazing how fast you take off the inches -- Uh-huh . 

-- and I would , once I start my forty- , I 'd like to do the forty-five minutes a day on the bike for a week , and then , every other day I 'd like to incorporate the video , and then the bike on the other day . Uh-huh . But , it is really amazing how fast the inches come off , and the muscle builds -- Uh-huh . -- real fast . Um , you can start , they recommend doing the video without weights for the first month and then after that you can just start with your five pound dumbbells , and then build up to your , uh , twenty-five pound dumbbells -- Uh-huh . -- and then you 're just doing repetitious exercises throughout the whole video and it 's a hour long video , so . So it 's a good workout . It is , yeah , I really enjoy that , so I 'm looking forward to losing this weight and -- Uh-huh . -- being firm and healthy . So , in the winter , I guess , there 's a lot of , it 's quite cold and -- Yes . -- snow . Yes . 

Now this one has been quite mild . Um , we could have been out walking throughout the whole winter , because really we only had about three weeks of snow on the ground . It was quite chilly but not , 