

Well , the first thing for me is I wonder , I see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is , um , if privacy is something that disturbs your private state , I mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state , that 's one thing , and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it , in other words , finds something out about you that 's another . And the first kind of invasion of , the first type of privacy seemed invaded to me , and very much everyday in this country , but in the second time , at least overtly , uh , where someone comes in and , uh , finds out information about you that should be private , uh , does not seem , uh , um , obviously , everyday . 

I , I think I agree with that . I think in a good example on the typical thing that happens , uh , when the phone rang and it 's T I calling , my immediate reaction is that it 's some sort of strange phone message and then I realize , oh , no , this is something I solicited , That 's right . so my immediate reaction was one of that sense of invasion but after that I realized , no , I , I really wanted this and it was sort of exciting and so , Uh-huh . that was almost an example of s- , an invasion that turns out to be not invasive . Right , it turned out to be , uh , uh , an invitation . Exactly . Uh , and at the same time I think that I receive on , on the order of , uh , probably , seven or eight a week calls of the nature where one wishes that there were a convenient way to just hang up on it . From , from personal parties or from these , um , phone answer , phone , uh , Commercial , commercial things . 

sol- , solicitations primarily . Oh , that , that 's a remarkable number . I get them rarely and I 'm still astounded that , that one , they let anyone do them and two , that they have any effect in this whatsoever . Um , because I 'm usually so insulted by them I just hang up as soon as I recognize what , Yeah . they are . I think they prey on people 's , um , inherent politeness on the phone even with the machine . I find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say , and then they feel an obligation to respond even though there 's not even a person there . And I think that 's what makes one feel invaded is the fact that there seems to be little control and you , one 's feeling obligated , Uh-huh . because of some sense of , of the way the ritual is played out . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . 

And , and , uh , that , that then ends up being the , the most common example for me . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Um , I guess I 'm not typically feeling invaded in my privacy relative to this second , this one that you raised . Yeah . And I do n't think I would have thought about that . I think that 's a good idea on your part . I do n't typically feel intruded on , on the things , uh , the sense of finding out information . Well , presumably those who find out such information , if they are doing it , I would prefer to not to be known , and , I mean , you know , the classic , oh , I do n't know C I A conspiracy theories or whatever , would have such parties trying to do it without your knowledge . So there 's , , things that invade that second type of privacy where you do know about them and possibly things that invade that second type of privacy without you knowing about it , 

and I ca n't talk about the second one other than to , to , to generate paranoia . It 's a surmise and , To , to surmise . It is there . I 'd like to think that it 's quite low , at least in this country . I do n't think I 'd like the K G B is monitoring my phone or anything like that . 

Well , I guess , although , I , well , that 's a good point where you said that how does one define what invasion of privacy is , Uh-huh , yeah . because , uh , if that 's the case of a tree falling in the forest and I 'm not feeling invaded then maybe my privacy has n't been because I have no sense of my privacy state having been invaded . Uh-huh , Uh , uh-huh , uh-huh . if you 're defining it in terms of information gone even if it 's something you do n't know about it , well , then I guess one could assume one was invaded but I do n't feel invaded by it . Uh-huh , I do n't , uh-huh . have a sense of threat in general from those sorts of things , I 'm not sure why . Uh , I guess it comes from a sense of fact or facts and if someone finds out something about me that is true , I , I do n't have a sense of loss from that . Uh-huh . Well , you must have a relatively clean conscience then . Um , the , the other side of that might be if , if someone found out something or surmised something that were n't true then I would feel probably more invaded in the gossipy sort of sense . Yes , yes , ev- , more harmed or something . Bec- , right , because , Yeah . you do n't have anyway to turn it off . Tho- , did you hear about this Lotus data base that was being put together ? Yes , I did . I was just about to write a letter when I heard they canceled it . That would be an example where my sense of threat would be high because I would find that there be , cou- , a good possibly that their facts were , were fantasy . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And then I would feel not only invaded in the sense that someone had obtained information from a , that I would rather they did n't and that might be the sense of the spending pattern , for instance , Uh-huh , uh-huh . that , that I would have thought to be private . But then if it turns out to generate incorrect things , that 's even worse so , Uh-huh , uh-huh . or if my call rate of , of eight t- , or so a week went up even higher because , uh , someone had , had , They had you pegged . Right . And the person who had takes unsolicited phones calls and pays money and then all of , Yeah . a sudden you get your thirty a week because now , Yeah . they 're advertising you . Right . Exactly . Yeah . 

And , um , one of the problems with the Lotus data base was , um , that it was uncontrolled access to who would have that information . I mean , they said they would give it out to only select companies but , um , you know , just like software is only given out to customers , I mean , you ca n't believe that . Right . Right . It would , it would be pirated and they would n't bother to check that carefully anyway to someone who 's offering , you know , full cash price , Right . for it . I mean , you know , you ca n't tell it , what a company really has to do with it and there 's something rather ominous about having virtually anyone , any hacker being able to know what your income is , what your spending habits are , and , you know , and , and that hacker just has to get in to , in touch with the sneak thief and suddenly and then what started as an invasion of privacy can be an invasion of your actual home . Uh-huh . And I guess that turns out to be the basic problem with any invasion of privacy is whether or not you 're feeling , Yeah . threatened as a result of , of it so , Yes . Exactly . maybe that is a , a little bit of what privacy is . Uh-huh . 

I also thought about it , was of , uh , waiting to talk to you that , another thing that occurred to me is there is not so much invasion of my privacy because I know how to behave such that there is n't . But I realized I have to behave in a certain way in order to not have people invade my privacy . If I deviate from social norms of behavior , if I run up and down the street yelling or something , someone 's going to invade my privacy very quickly . Uh-huh . And I realize that that , I mean , I can take that for granted but I used to , I used to live in India and things are quite different there in terms of that . There 's less of a sense of privacy . In fact , it 's said that no Indian language has a word for privacy , certainly the language I know does n't , Oh , that 's interesting . but just says a word for loneliness . Loneliness is the closest you can come , which is really quite different . But , but no concept for wanting to be private . Yeah . It 's , it 's generally being alone is not a very desirable state , at least officially . Okay . 

Um , so there 's not , I mean , doors do n't have latches on them . People do n't tend to knock , you just , if there 's a door closed and you open it because it 's in your way you , people walk in out and , as a , as a westerner in India , and I was often surprised , Oh . That , that would be , and felt my sense of privacy there was quite invaded . That would be culturally shocking . 

You know , it very much is . But on the other hand , I realized I could go out on the street and act like a complete lunatic , Uh-huh . and people would leave , Uh-huh . me alone . Whereas in this country where everyone respects the closed doors very much , if you go out and then act like the lunatic you , you violate the , uh , the norms of social , of , um , public behavior . Um , people start paying attention to you very much and they start asking questions and in the sense are invite- , invade , invading your privacy although , if you know what the social norms are , you know , quote unquote , you asked for it . But it does mean that you have yet another reason to follow a set of social norms . Yes . And which is n't of , always the case in all cultures , and it was n't until I was thinking about it just now that I realized that 's actually something that 's culturally relative . Tha- , that is true . I have n't thought about that 

and , and that it 's fascinating to , to think a lot of someone who does n't know how to say private . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And that 's really , um , well , I mean , I , I wonder how people have sex , and things like that , I mean , they a- , , you go to India and it 's obvious , you know , the results of sex are quite obvious , , as the population goes up an extra hundred million every few years . Um , but I , I just do n't quite , um , there 's hope , I actually for al- , of the time I 've spent there , I still do n't quite understand how certain things that I assume and require privacy and require not just that you be alone but actually that you have a sense of privacy . Yes . Because anyone can be alone for some period of time but for me a lot of what I do requires a sense that there 's this invisible barrier around me which people wil , Yes . will respect . And if that 's gone , um , I , I really do n't know how to live very well , and I wonder , I really do wonder how people do that . That 's interesting . 

Are th- , are there any other specific things that , that you feel like , where , where you feel your privacy to be invaded on a day-to-day basis or either on a growing frequency ? All the class , the other classic examples , the Jehovah 's Witness or , or Mormons or someone knocking at the front door , um , which is more intrusive because I have to really tell someone to go away . And there 's that sense of , I have now opened my door they now see what I look like , what I live like and nor- , and they 're doing something that normally I really only invite , Okay . people to . Because I , any , anyone , any friend , anyone I give my number to is welcome to call me , but no one is just welcome to come by my house . So that is more of a sense of invasion . So , that 's another example of the invasion because of the not so ... 