

Yeah . Yes , I talked with , um , I talked with people from Richardson and Plano and , uh , the first three days , and then yesterday I talked with someone with , from Pennsylvania , so , Yeah , because , it 's the , I 've only made , this is only my third call . Oh . 

I , I tried to make calls two different days and I could n't get through . Oh , I know . Sometimes I just I 'm , in , it just takes a very long time so , 

Does it ? Yeah , I 've been trying to , you know , do that , and , and sometimes I just ca n't wait that long , Yeah , I know . so I just hang up . Well . Because it keeps going through the thing over and over again . This is hilarious . But I knew as soon as I heard your voice , I thought , Kathy 's , it 's Kathy Kester . Oh . Well , tell me , what books have you read lately ? . Well , let 's see , I , um , gosh , I ca n't even think . I have n't read any , and you 're such a reader , I know that and I , Well , I do n't read all that much for enjoyment . I mean , I read a lot for school , 

but gee , I just do n't have much time for enjoyment reading . Yeah . The , the last book I picked up was a book by Judy Bloom , Uh-huh . and it was , um , it was called , um , SMART WOMEN , I think . Um . Um , or something like that . Yeah . And it was , it was kind of , I really did n't like it at all . Huh . It was , it was written back in the early eighties . Oh , yeah . 

And it was all this , this , um , divorced woman syndrome -- Oh , yeah . -- of the , um , it was almost like a , a pre-AIDS scare kind of thing . Interesting . It was really an interesting , because I , I right away looked at when it was copyrighted . Uh-huh . Because I could tell by the theme of almost when it was written . Yes , yes , yeah . Uh-huh . And , um , you know , a lot of hanky-panky , Yeah . going on . Yeah . That kind of was , um , kind of a pop psychology time for wh , when a lot of books like that were coming out , I think . That 's right . And so that makes real sense , that that 's , um , when it was written . Yeah , yeah . Um , I have n't , was n't really aware that she had written anything for , um , adults . 

I was always , Uh-huh . just more aware of her jer- , you know , for her young people , her books . Yeah , and she 's more famous for that , Uh-huh . 

but she has been writing for adults also , I 'll be darned . and so I thought hey , I 'll just try this , you know , Yeah . and see what it was like . 

It was very , um , the style was very conversational . Uh-huh . You would have lots of conversations between people -- Yeah . -- rather than any description . Right , yeah , yeah . You know how that is , and um , Yeah . I wonder if she 's written anything really recently , if she 's got anything printed , in print . Yeah , she has , because I , I remember seeing a new book by her -- Uh-huh . 

-- that was out , and I think it was a , it was an adult book . I 'll be darned . So anyway , Yeah . but that 's the last thing I , I 've read , Yeah . and , um , Well , it 's , I 'm trying to think the last actual book I read that was n't , let 's see , I think I read , oh , 

when I was on vacation , um , between semester break and summer , you know , on semester break between spring and summer -- Yeah . -- and I went to my mother 's , I read a book that I have , should have read when I was probably in high school . I read , um , JANE EYRE . I , No , wait a minute , wait a minute , wait a minute . JANE EYRE ? No , no , no , no , it was n't JANE EYRE . WUTHERING HEIGHTS ? No , it was , um , uh , PRIDE AND PREJUDICE , Oh , yeah , by Jane Austen . by Jane Austen , yes . That 's what it was , yes . Yes . And , um , you know , I , I did n't know what to expect , except I had heard that , that Jane Austen was such a wonderful novelist , 

and she really was good . I mean , I was , was very much impressed with the way her plot was put together so , Uh-huh . intricately and , um , and , you know , I just , but I , as I say , I was pretty much ashamed that I had n't read something before then . Yeah . Because I , I think I was , I think I read it in college , or had to write it , read it in high school or college , but I do n't remember it . Yeah , yeah . And then when Jennie had to read it at Gettysburg -- Uh-huh . -- and I got her the , I got her someone , I think it was , um , oh , some actress reading it . Oh , how interesting . You know , they had an abridged version of it on tape . Yeah . And so I got that for her , and she loved doing that . Oh , I 'll bet , yeah . But I remember that was the book . Yeah . 

And now I , I mean , I think it 's around here somewhere , Right I would n't be , I 'm just going to have to put it , surprised , yeah . in the car sometimes and listen to it . Sure . Oh , yeah . But , um , Well , I read that , 

and then I 'm trying to think , um , usually I try to , to find something long that , Uh-huh . I 'm going to , when if , if I have long periods of time , like Christmas vacation , or , you know , when I know I 'm not going to be doing anything for a while , um , Yeah . Oh , that 's what I do too . Yeah , and that 's about it , because otherwise I 'm reading so much for school . I 'm , um , I have just started reading a book . Actually , it 's for school , but it 's for , um , there 's a , a literary jour- , 

well , not a literary journal , it 's a , it 's kind of a journal of , of the history of ideas that 's , that 's starting to be published , um , from U T D . The first issue does n't come out until next year , but , um , Oh , yeah . I 'm doing some reviews of books , just to , what , to sort of recommend to wh- , whether or not a full-scale review should be done for the journal , Oh , how neat . and I 've , yeah , it 's really neat because these are brand new books and I , Oh , great . just got a , I got a , th- , this one , um , most of the stuff is on , uh , literary criticism and philosophy , Uh-huh . and religion and all that . Uh-huh . This one is on Johann Sebastian Bach , and it 's a , a , a biography , Oh , great . that is really interesting , Oh , that 's fascinating . I mean , it , it 's fascinating , it really is . Oh . Um , but it 's so long , I , I do n't really have the time to read the whole thing , but I think , Yeah . eventually I 'll go back to it . But it 's , Yeah . it was written , I mean the , the copyright is nineteen ninety-one , so it 's a brand new book . Oh , it 's a brand new book . Yeah , uh-huh . 

Oh , that , that would be wonderful -- Yeah , -- to read something like that . and he really , this man really shed some light on , um , some , Yeah . aspects of of Bach 's genius and , and , and , you know , the , and more sociological things , you know , like the , the idea that , um , that music , to be a musician was as much , um , of a family occupation as anything . I mean , you know , that was -- Yes . -- it was families had just loads of musicians . Yeah , and they just went from generation , Yeah . probably to generation , that 's right . 

just with these , with these all passing it from one to the other . Yes , uh-huh , and , um , Yeah , that 's the way it was , I 'm sure back then . Yeah . So , uh , Yeah . Oh , that 's interesting . it was just really interesting , if that 's , you know , that 's kind of what , but I have to 

not only am , am I re , reading it to decide whether or not it should be reviewed , but also , um , because the board of advisers for this , um , journal does n't have , right now does n't have a really respected name , um , who 's a , uh , a scholar on , on music , Uh-huh . um , and I 'm supposed to decide whether I think this man might be a worthy person to be a , you know , in that position on the board so , Oh , yeah . I do n't know if I want to take that responsibility or not , but . Wow , that 's rough . But at least I , That 's real rough . can tell them what I think , so , um , Yeah . it 's real interesting . Yeah , it is . 

Because I think our , I think my alma mater , um , Gettysburg , I think they were just starting a magazine -- Uh-huh . -- that was similar to that . Yeah , yeah . I think that 's probably a , sort of a thing to do -- Yes . -- in small colleges , Yeah , but , um , that it , 

you know , you see , you see a lot of small colleges doing things , Uh-huh . like that , right , uh-huh , Yeah . because it attracts really a , a lot people 's interest . That 's one way , it 's really good public relations for small schools , Oh , yeah . I think so . Yeah . But , uh , another one of my projects this summer is , actually it 's part of my research assistantship , is , um , it 's helping a professor , uh , compile a bunch of translations of , of various poems for a book that he 's writing , and -- Oh . -- so I 'm learning the names , if not the actual contents , of a lot of different poems and a lot of French people . Now , translations , what do you mean , translations of , of , Um , well , where , where , for instance , um , a Baudelaire poem that was written , Yeah . in the French and then has been translated into English by , Uh-huh . various people . Oh , I see . And the translations are all so different from one another . All different . Uh-huh . Oh , that 's interesting . So it 's multiple translations of single works and , and that 's right now , right now pretty much what I 'm doing as far as , um , my work , is just kind of compiling , Gosh . all that for him . So , That 's great . 

It 's real interesting . Boy , you really lift me up to a different , I mean , here I , I 'm dealing with , uh , cleaning the stove and , You know , I 'm , There are days when I would be prefer , I wish I were dealing with Baudelaire . really doing that . That would be nice . 

I do n't know if I 've told you , but , um , this is not on the subject , 