

Okay , uh , so what do you think about the school system ? Well , I think they 're , they 're having a lot of trouble right now . I know my son goes to a private school , but , uh , I think they 're , big city public schools by definition are having a , a tough time right now just from , uh , probably from budget cuts and , and everything else going on . Uh , why did you choose a private school ? Well , I had one that was needed to be able to be moved along at a , at a pace a little faster than he was going to be able to be moved in public school , so -- Public school . -- he 's , he has been going to private since kindergarten . Oh , has he ? So , Then how does he like it ? Oh , he 's loved it . He is a senior in high school this year so -- So -- -- he 's , -- he 's been there all the time . Yeah , he 's done it the whole twelve and , uh , so many years and it 's been , uh , it 's been really good for him . How big of a school is it ? Uh , overall on campus about twelve hundred , but in the upper school , upper four grades , uh , about four hundred and something so it 's maybe a hundred per grade . A hundred per grade , that 's a good size . Yeah , it really is . 

Kind of gives them the , you know , I get a little leery of the real small ones that they do n't get much interaction with kids but , uh , Yeah , 

that was , we were kind of looking for one that would be a mixture and -- So they do n't , -- he 's done , he 's done -- That 's good . -- really well , and just , he was just ahead at an early age and I did n't feel like , uh , in , what was available , particularly in the first three grades -- Uh-huh . -- and even in the fourth grade where they started what they called reach was still a pull out one day program . Huh . And I just did n't think that was going get it . I thought he needed to be exposed to a situation where he could push ahead , uh , every day . Right . But yet still be with his peers -- Still enjoy the , -- age wise . Right . Uh , one thing I think I 've noticed is , uh , my oldest is in kindergarten , so I 'm in a little different -- You 're just -- 

-- ballgame . -- getting started . I 'm just , starting her , but , uh , seems to me that , uh , kids these days , uh , can really get away with murder and the teachers do n't have as much , are n't respected as much and , uh , they have to be so careful of the things they do and say . Yeah , I know . That 's -- And , uh , makes me -- -- a big problem . -- a little nervous that , uh , students do n't seem to show that respect and , 

We would n't have thought of crossing a teacher when we -- No ! -- were in school . Heavens , no . Would n't have thought of it and -- No , you would n't . -- and they 'll stand there now with them toe to toe and , 

And , uh , the things they can say and do to a teacher and they do from what I understand , uh , I think that 's wrong . I think we need to get back to the , show some respect and , course , I guess the teacher used to warrant that but , Yeah , but a lot of times it 's not being taught in the home -- Right . -- anymore like it used to be , basic respect for -- For other people -- -- for elders -- -- and , -- and adults and particularly in , in responsible positions , have not , uh , I do n't think have , had that basic upbringing in a lot of cases and so then you wind up with little brats on your hands . Well , how do you think that that 's happened ? You think our society 's just , uh , stopped talking out , or this , uh -- 

I guess , I , -- generation 's just kind of changed a little bit , uh , Well , the world changes , 

so I mean , obviously , kids are not the same now as they used to be . Right . I mean they 're exposed to a whole lot more things . They have a whole lot more , uh , variety of things they they 're , that they see and do at an earlier age , so life is not maybe as simple as it was at one time , but , but still , I think it goes back to a commitment by the parents to , to teach , uh , basic values and basic , uh , respectful of , uh , -ness of authority . Right . And I just do n't think that this -- 

That just is n't coming through -- -- does n't always get emphasized -- -- is it . -- anymore , uh , No . 

I mean , I remember , uh , well , it was a big thing when they let girls wear Levi 's . We used to have to wear -- Yeah , had to wear -- 

-- dresses -- -- dresses , did n't you ? -- and then you had to , a- , go to dresses , they had to be a pantsuit and it was polyester and it had to be matching and , And when it was skirts , it was like , get down on the floor 

and we hold the ruler up here -- Yes . -- and it 's no -- Exactly . -- more than so many inches above the knee . Yes . Because it was mini skirt time back there at one time . Yes , so it 's really changed . It 's , uh , really kind of gone the rounds , 

so I think that maybe that 's effected it to some degree . They say you kind of act how you 're dressed a little bit , so I , Yeah , 

I think that probably does have , have something to do with it , and it 's also , Do , uh , does this school your son goes to , do they , uh , re- , require to wear a uniform or , No , they do not do uniforms , although one , where he was between like second and eighth grade -- Uh-huh . -- did . Yeah , there are quite a few of your s- , 