

We 're supposed to talk about crime in the city . Uh-huh . And , uh , seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays , does n't it ? Well , uh , I , that 's , sure . Uh , I , I think it 's s- , st- , statistics , obviously , vary greatly . I always thought of Dallas as being a fairly safe place . 

Well , it is , but our crimes up here , uh , as I think it must be in most cities now , but , uh , I was listening to the news the other day and they said they thought a lot of it , the reason it was up so was because of the , uh , so many people are without work nowadays , economy 's so bad . Do you really believe that ? I mean , it , it 's been up every year for many years 

and the economy has n't been , this bad for so long , has it ? That 's a good point . That 's just what they quoted over the news . Yeah . I do n't know if I believe that or not , but , it , it does seem up and , What kind of newspaper do you get down there ? What kind ? Yeah . 

Well , we got a , I think we got a pretty good newspaper . Uh , we have two , the MORNING NEWS and the , uh , TIMES HERALD . Uh-huh . MORNING NEWS seems to have the largest circulation . I think it 's a pretty good , it 's a locally owned paper . Uh-huh . The HERALD is owned , I think , by the TIMES out of , uh , L A , or somewhere . Yes . But , D , do they , do they play up the local crime angles or d , or do they , 

Well , they do n't , no , not really , uh , they do n't play it up , I do n't think . Uh , but there , there is too much of it , you know , uh -- Uh-huh . -- too many homes broken into . Yeah . We had our , our , fact about , uh , last year sometime our home was broken into . Really ? We , So this is a topic of personal interest . Yeah , we , uh , uh , 

I did n't think ours ever would be burgled into , burgled , but , so many in our neighborhood had been , and , uh , because we live on a corner -- Uh-huh . -- and back up to a real , uh , highly traveled main street . Yeah . But , uh , we were , so , uh , So , so you saw this happening in your neighborhood and you figured it would n't happen to you . 

Sort of , yeah . And I never did get a security system , but since that happened , I certainly have . Yeah , what kind of system do you have ? It 's , uh , uh , I guess , excuse me , just a standard . Uh , , with the , uh , all the doors and the , uh , infrared thing , you know , motion detector . Uh-huh . Pre- , Is , 

Pretty standard . Is this , is this one with some company that , that services you and -- Yes , yes . -- takes your calls and all that stuff ? It 's monitored and all that . Yeah . And , Well , is that a necessary feature to have somebody , you know , at the other end of the line or is it enough just to have a thing that makes loud noise ? 

I think , uh , the thing that makes a lot of noise would , would suffice . Yeah . I really do . But , uh , this deal that was part of it for , you know , three years or so -- Yeah . -- to pay the unit off or whatever . Uh-huh . And , uh , but it , uh , the monitoring is not that bad , though because , uh , uh , we 've goofed it up , you know , several times you 'll hit the wrong key , not intentionally or something and , and they call back pretty quickly , so I guess it 's , you know , I think it 's all right . But I , to answer your question , I think , uh -- Yeah . -- uh , I think , uh , that is a pretty good deterrent in itself , whether it , S- , s- , so you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system . Uh-huh . And what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line ? Well , it 's got a back up system that does n't work supposedly . Tha- , uh , that if it 's cut supposedly it notifies them anyway . Supposedly . How does it do that ? Who knows , you know . But that 's a selling point . And I think they 're probably , I think it probably does these things or sur- , supposedly pretty good . Uh-huh . Boy , they sure advertise them , you know , so many of them nowadays . Sure . But , uh , well do n't , do n't you all have a pretty high crime rate up there ? Well , yeah , uh , 

I 'm not saying it 's any higher than anybody else 's . Down here , we seem to , or , or not here , but the statistics seem to say that . I do n't know . I , I think it 's the murder capital of the country now . Is that right ? Yes . I would gather probably from drugs . Absolutely . 

And I think that 's the reason it 's so high everywhere . Yeah . But , I do n't think there 's anyplace , used to , years ago , you thought , well , these little small cities and all , would n't have that problem , but they do . Yeah . We 've had relatives that their children were just as involved in it , uh , as anyone , you know . 

S- , s- , so , what 's the solution ? That 's a good question . I do n't know , I do n't know what the solution is . I really do n't . And all these politicians make , make hay over , you know -- Yeah . -- being anticrime , but -- Yep . -- they have n't seemed to have changed anything . Th- , and nothing seems to change . 

And , uh , I 'm not sure that anything will because these , if something could happen to make these people not want to buy it -- Uh-huh . -- uh , but , they want to buy it , so , Yeah . Supply and demand . Long as somebody wants to buy it , somebody going to provide it for them . So , I do n't know , I do n't got , you know , I do n't know what the solution is , I really do n't . Yeah . I do n't think anyone does , in fact . Yeah , what , 