

Okay , is it Mike ? Yes . Do you repair your own car ? I try to , whenever I can . I 've always been a , a , I guess a product of a handyman father . Well , I tell you what , that 's , y- , count your blessings because -- Th- , -- uh , it really is good when someone can do some -- Yeah . -- things to a car themselves . Yeah . 

There 's , a- , although I 'll tell you , you know , over the years the cars get more complicated . Well , that 's why I do n't do as much as I 'd like . Right , yeah . Because they are , I mean they 've got , they 've gotten complicated have n't they ? . Yes . 

One of my first cars was a fifty-six Buick . Uh-huh . Which , after awhile I could , you know , take it apart in my sleep if I needed to . Is that right ? Yeah . It , it got to be pretty straightforward to understand and , now since then , you know , the closer a car is to a fifty-six Buick , the , the more I know about it . And then start getting into these Nissans and the like and I just ca n't keep up . Yeah , I , I agree . About all I ever , I never was too mechanically inclined , 

but I used to always change my own oil and do the points and plugs and , Yeah . Course , they do n't use , uh , points anymore . That 's right . But , Yeah . Uh , they do still use plugs . Yeah . And , uh , now brakes , I 've always done a lot of , you know , changing brakes . Uh-huh . And I used to do , I could always do the alternator , you know , and starter . Yes . I do n't anymore , but I have on a lot , a lot of times . Yes , 

I understand . My last car repair actually had to do with brakes and it 's one I did not do myself . I took the car , my , I have a seventy-nine El Dorado , took it to be inspected -- Uh-huh . -- and the parking brake failed . So I got under there and messed with the , the ten- , that , uh , that adjustment -- Uh-huh . -- to make , to t , tighten it up and -- Uh-huh . -- that did n't do the trick and then I got there and tried to , It probably slipped loose , did n't it ? Well , actually that was n't even eventually the problem . I , I did a lot of things that I , I did everything that I could think to do . Uh-huh . And , eventually I brought it up to a , a place called Just Brakes -- Uh-huh . -- and it turns out that there 's a , the parking brake i- , in the rear , there 's a , there 's disc brakes and the parking brake is a piston deal . Um . And because the parking brake had n't been used in so many years , the piston froze up . Oh . So they ended up having to pound it out . And one of them , they , were able to get running , uh , kind of oiling it and playing with it and the other one they just , it was just frozen solid , so I ended up having to buy one and altog- , all total , it was just under two hundred dollars , believe it or not , to get all that done . Y- , well , it really was n't quite , s- , as bad as you thought , was it , was it ? 

Y- , yeah , actually , I , I think it was a lot of money , but I , I do n't , like I s- , 

Well , it was a lot of money , but , Yeah , but , I , it got to the point where I did n't know what was going on so , You had to have the help , did n't you ? 

That 's right , that 's right . Yeah . Well , do you still do much work on them , then ? I do . Th- , act- , th- , actually that was just a , at , at the beginning of September and , whenever I can , I do try . I a- , actually , I 'd say this . I , I 've gotten to the point where I do n't change the oil anymore . Only because , Disposal is a problem . 

Well , that is one problem , but also these , uh , these fast oil change places , you just ca n't beat them . That 's true . 

For sixteen bucks they 'll -- That 's true . -- not only will they change the oil in ten minutes , and do a f , you know , as good a job as I can do , but they 'll , uh , lube , too . Right , that , that , I 've , I 've quit doing that myself . Yeah . And , but one of the main reasons was the disposal of the oil , you know . Yep , 

that 's right . And , uh , but , it , but , no , I guess , i- , that , and the main reason that it 's , it 's quick . 