

Um , are you working right now ? Uh , yes , I am . I 'm working in the computer science department here -- Uh , -- uh , at C M U . What kind of , what kind of work do you do ? Uh , I 'm doing basically system , system design -- Uh-huh . -- work and , uh , implementation work for the speech , for the speech group -- Oh . -- uh , here . Wh- , is that how you heard about this thing ? . Yeah , Uh , actually through electronic mail . Uh-huh . Me too . I work at , uh , the Georgia Tech Research Institute . Uh-huh . Um , I 'm a co-op student so I work and go to school about halftime . And , uh , I really do n't have any job benefits to speak of . We 're kind of , um , I do n't know , they just kind of forget us on that end . We do n't really have any vacation or , you know , sick days or health care or anything really so . Right . So it 's pretty fair they 've got you slaving away , Exactly . at , at this point . Exactly . Yeah . What about you ? 

Well , um , t- , i- , I 'm research stuff here now so what they , they have , uh , um , okay , benefits package . It 's not quite as good as industry but one of the significant , um , benefits here is that you can take , uh , up to two courses a semester , um , and they pay for -- Huh . -- you know , pay for the classes . So , Yeah . Carnegie Mellon that works out to be , um , a reasonable , a reasonable benefit . Uh , they do that I think if you 're , uh , research MUMBLEx here then I know of some of the people that have gotten their masters and I think that , um , they might , you know , pay for that . Uh-huh . Pay for the classes and stuff 

but I know they let you , they 'll let you decrease how many hours you work by MUMBLEx kind of percentage . You know , they 'll let you work halftime if you want to , if you want to finish , If you want to , you want to , do it quickly . Yeah . They 'll let you work , decrease your number of hours by any percentage just , just about so if you want to get your masters and then , I think of course you get like a , with your extra degrees you get a pay raise due so -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- that will probably help out . Yeah . Yeah . So I , I do n't know in , in terms of other things , other benefits other than sort of monetary I 'd , you know , I , Yeah , we , we do . We have to contribute a certain amount , uh , to it . Uh-huh . And it 's kind of split between C M U and , Yeah . and , you know , the employee . Yeah , 

I think , I mean that 's pretty , that 's a pretty important , uh , part of it there because that , that can be really expensive if you ever have any health problems . My dad , I think my , I 'm still covered on , with my dad 's , uh , health plan at his , where he works , but -- Right . -- it would definitely be something to look into once I get my own . Yeah , and it 's also , right now it 's , uh , the , like everywhere else , uh , here in Pittsburgh the health care , uh , rates are , are going up pretty quickly . Uh-huh . That 's a whole other topic -- 

They have . -- to begin with too but . Yeah , but it 's , you are right . I , I , I really agree that , that that 's pretty important . Well , the only , I think the , I guess the only real , um , benefit I guess you could say working , for me working here , besides I mean I 'm learning and stuff because , Right . I 'm at , you know , in school . But -- Right . -- there 's , there 's some weird law where , uh , uh , student employees working for the government -- Uh-huh . -- do n't have to pay Social Security tax . Oh . Though -- Now that 's a big win . -- that 's about , five percent right there so . Yeah , yeah . That 's , That 's about the only real bonus -- Yeah . -- I have , so I have to take that into consideration when I evaluate like how much I get paid real , you know , because if I was working somewhere else I 'd have to , you know , pay an extra five percent , Yeah . or so . I figured for 

and they 've just raised the , um , income caps on Social Security to the point where -- Huh . -- you have to be pretty , you have to be pretty well off before you stop paying -- Yeah . -- paying that as well . Yeah , well if you could call it a benefit that C M U , I mean i- , the other thing that they allow you to do here while you are working is , is consult for , um , you know , other companies . Oh , yeah ? Um , so that 's , that kind of helps out in terms of , Uh-huh . you know , keeping up-to-date with contacts in industry . Yeah . You know , in case , MUMBLEx help a lot . you know , in case you ever need to bail out . Yeah . See around , around here it 's like , uh , we pretty much work from project to project on , well , you know , with different sponsors . Uh-huh . There 's not , there is not a whole lot of , you know , funded research from , 