

Uh , did you watch the Bulls this morning ? You know what , I watched a little bit of , uh , of the Bulls game and I , uh , had to leave . Uh , in fact I , I think the Bulls were ahead when I , uh , when I left . Who won the game ? They won in a squeaker . They won by -- 

Is that right ? -- they won by two points . Uh , they were behind as they headed into each quarter and then they came back in the second half and at the end , I think they were , uh , looked , they looked like they were closing it out and then Detroit kept coming back and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , Isaiah missed a three point attempt , at the end and , uh , I think the Bulls won by two . I think they do , as a matter of fact . Yeah . One of the , uh , commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would , uh , if they continued at their current pace , uh , set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season . Wow . Yeah , they looked real good and , They , they do , and they , you know , 

I think by , uh , by relieving some of the pressure off of , uh , of , uh , uh , Michael Jordan really helped them out . You know , he does n't have , they do n't have to rely on him to score ev- , you know , thirty or forty points at every -- Right . -- at every game so , Yeah , well , they , they 're , they 're balancing their attack Oh , I know , I 'm , yeah , I saw the w- , I saw the Warriors , uh , just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors , uh , Dallas game . 

I saw the , the second half of the game last night and they were impressive . They look good . Billy Owens looks like he was , that was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him . Yeah , 

now , I do n't , uh , I have n't kept up with what was going on with , uh , with the , Well , they traded away , uh , Mitch Richmond , or is it Tim Hardaway . One of the two , uh , who , along with , uh , Chris Mullen was , you know , though three were three of the best in the N B A , and -- Uh-huh . -- and , they made a heck of a threesome and they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens and , uh , Good move . Yeah , oh , yeah , he 's really worked out well . They 've got th- , the Warriors have got a team , uh , and , uh , I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do . They 're ahead , and the Lakers are down , I guess in fourth , uh , position in the west and -- Yeah . -- I do n't know , in the east , I do n't know , uh , is it Boston in , uh , first place ? 

Uh , I think Boston 's in first . Uh , I , you know , I have n't kept up with any of the other , uh , teams . I 'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks , you know . Boy , they 've had a hard time . They said -- Oh , man ! -- they 've lost a lot of squeakers . That , well , yeah , but , I mean , just this whole year has been just disastrous for them and , uh , you know , they 're going , I , I think they 're going for an all time record of how many l- , you know , losses in a row they can , they c , they can , uh , pull out . Yeah . It 's unbelievable . 

How do people in Texas deal with Dallas , Houston and San Antonio . Do you , for example , like San -- Uh , -- Antonio in Dallas ? Well , actually , actually , the , the , the Dallas area here , uh , pulls for Dallas . Uh , San Antonio pulls for San Antonio , and Houston pulls for , for the Rockets . 

So there is n't much crossover , huh , y- , There really , I mean , not a whole lot . You know , I mean , d- , you find them , they 're , find them be , to be pretty loyal , uh , in , with the local teams . Yeah . Uh , you know , it 's kind of , I guess it 's kind of like , uh , there in the Bay area , you know , you do n't find a whole lot of , uh , of Sacramento fans . Yeah , it 's true , because s- , San Antonio is n't that close to you , are they ? 

Really is n't , uh-uh . No . It 's , you know , it 's , it 's about the same , uh , same distance from here to s- , to San Antonio as it is -- Is it ? 

-- from there to Sacramento . Yeah , so it 's not something you 'd drive , So it 's , yeah , it 's not really a local , you know , Yeah , I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing . Uh , he does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio and they , I mean , they have got a great club . You know . They 've done a good job . I mean , of course , drafting a franchise like him certainly , Yeah . Yeah that always makes a big difference . Yeah , I mean , that 's -- So , -- I think the way it , uh , I think that 's the way it works now in basketball . You , you know Magic was a franchise for the Lakers -- Yeah . -- and , you know , uh , Bird for the , for the , uh , Celtics and , And , you know , uh , you know , I used to think that , that one , one player really does n't make a club , 

but it really does , you know . Well , it MUMBLEx , You get somebody like Magic 

and you can see the decline in that team . Well , yeah . Once he left , you know , it 's , it 's just not the same , uh , it 's not the same team . There 's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for . Well , I think you 're right and I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit and I think those things do make a difference 

and there are marquee players . And I think -- Oh , yeah . -- I think Jordan and the , and the Bulls have to be , uh , considered the likely favorites . I do n't know who would meet them in the west . Uh , I do n't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year . They were so disap , 

Who won that Portland game ? You know , I was n't , I , I d- , I watched only a few minutes of it and I was n't paying attention . Uh , and so I do n't know , uh , Uh , But Phoenix , you know , Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs and , 