

Well , the types of vacations that I usually take , I usually come back more tired after my vacation , then I do , you know , before I take it . Um , I need to definitely take a vacation where all , all I do is rest . And I guess to do that I 'd probably have to take it at home . Oh . But , um , the vacation spots that I like to go to are places like the Bahamas and Florida . I enjoy the beach . Oh , I am , after our last summer 's vacation I am antibeach . Antibeach . Uh-huh . We went to , uh , Cape Hatteras . Uh-huh . Well , we , we were out visiting one of our kids in Maryland , and we went down to Cape Hatteras for a few days . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , the , the waves were huge . I 've never quite seen waves like this one -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I was standing in water not more than , in barely above my ankles -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , you know when the waves go in the waves go out they kind of all of a sudden you 're in sand above your ankles . Right . And I was standing there talking to my daughter and this really big wave came and totally threw me , and one foot did not come out of the sand , and it tore the ligaments in my knee . Uh-huh . So I 'm never going to another beach again , ever . I 'm ma- , You might be like I am . I enjoy , I enjoy going to the beach and to beach areas , but I really do n't like to get in the water , the ocean . I prefer a swimming pool . Well , I , I love to go and play around . At least I always did but although actually , my , I like the mountains . I , uh , -- Uh-huh . -- I do n't really like hot weather that 's my biggest gripe about living here . Uh-huh . And I basically , do n't want to go to a hot place on vacation . Right . I can understand that . Oh . I , my dream vacation is Alaska . Uh-huh . 

This is -- That would be nice . -- just someplace I 've always wanted to go and someday I hope we can afford to just take a humdinger of a vacation up there . Uh-huh . I know I 've taken several vacations to Colorado , and I used to live in Colorado , oh , sometime ago for a couple of years , and I really enjoyed that . Uh-huh . Yeah , I 'd , I 'd like that . Uh , I have n't been to Yellowstone for a long , long time -- Uh-huh . -- and I would , uh , we 've been talking about going there next summer . Uh , I do n't know we 'll have to , to , Yeah . I 've never been up to the Yellowstone area . So , It 's been a long time . But you know , it seems when your family is , is different places , a lot of trips involved going to visit . That 's right . That 's right . You got that . Oh , I 'm , we usually go up to Wisconsin at least once a year -- Uh-huh . -- because this is where my husband and I are both from . And my mother and his mother live up there feeling -- Uh-huh . -- lost and alone because we moved down here . Uh-huh . And , uh , we 've got one of our , our kids lives out on the east coast and so we have to , you know , go to those . 

Well , you have , you have a lot of vacation areas you can go to then . Well , I know but I 'm tired of them . Right . I want to go someplace different up there . That 's right . Uh , my , my idea I guess of the ideal vacation would be to begin with , uh , money be no object . Right . You know , so just absolutely , you know , first class fly where I want to , rent a car if I want to . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , just the , really the nicest hotels and stuff like that and -- Uh-huh . -- and not worry if somebody says , well , let 's take this little side trip , you know , and not have to sit there and figure out , um , you know , again we , we fit that in there or not . Right . Uh-huh . And , uh , that , that 's what I , um , you know , that 's what I would like to do . I have no interest , for example , in taking a cruise . Uh-huh . To me why somebody would want to ride around on a boat for a few days is mind boggling . It would be sort of , I feel like it would be confining . Yeah . You know I would rather much rather get on a plane and get there -- Uh-huh . -- and then enjoy myself . Yeah , 

I just , uh , that , that does absolutely nothing for me . Uh-huh . But , uh , I do n't know I can say that I think my , my favorite spots are still to go , to go where there 's mountains and , and a lot of trees and , and wildlife to view and , and , uh , I like that kind of stuff . I could just sit there all day and look at the scenery . Yes . I , I agree . 

I can , I can do that too , and , uh , you know , I think if I had , if I had the money , I would probably go to Europe every year . Because , you know , I think that they have , they have it all over there in just a few tiny , two , two miles . Uh-huh . You know , there 's mountains and there 's beaches and it 's all right there . So , Yeah . Uh , I , I guess I 've never really thought about it that way . 

Our , uh , we have a daughter who 's almost thirteen but she 's , uh -- Uh-huh . -- a very picky eater and our , our standard excuse for not going someplace like that is , you know , gee , Holly would starve to death if we , you know , we took her -- Oh . -- into the country so . Right . So , but I , I would like if , you know it was anywhere in the world to go , I guess , even though it 's hot , I would like to go to Africa . 