

Uh , advice on son or daughter going to college . Right . Uh , that 's advice that I will need in time future -- Uh-huh . -- for my children , rather than one that I have , uh , personal experience with . Uh , I suppose I would ask what the child wants to do in life and what the child hopes to , to get out of college -- Uh-huh . -- and what sort of college would best meet , meet those needs . Right , uh , let 's see , when I , when I went away to school , I 'm trying to think my criteria . I guess when you 're , when you 're eighteen or so , uh , it would be important to know if it was a coed college . That was a , a strict requirement for me . 

Uh , again what , uh , how serious a person is according to , uh , uh , you know , what , what they want to get out of school , and , uh , I guess they 'd have to consider how expensive the college is and how close to home , if they could handle being away for real long periods of time or if they need to be somewhere where they can drive home when they needed to get home . Uh , let 's see , uh , now what was the question , what , what 's the criteria for picking a college ? What advice -- 

What advice . -- would you give ? Oh , okay , uh , 

I guess one clear-cut piece of advice is by all means visit the college campus . Yes . Uh , stay in a dormitory if you can . Go to classes , talk to faculty members and students . Yes , and also , uh , depending on how , uh , uh , adjustable your child would be , or , or flexible , I guess it would be , uh , if , if they chose a college in a different part of the country that maybe the , they were unused to their , that , the way they run things , 

I mean , the , the northern colleges are very different than the southern colleges , I think . The people are different and , uh , you have to be more flexible and more willing to , uh , uh , adjust to other people 's mannerisms and customs or ways of doing things . You know , you have to be a flexible person to be able to go all the way across country to something totally different than what you 're used to . Uh , Yes , I 'm thinking -- You think so ? -- what , what problems my children might have in that , uh , but I agree with you . Uh , let 's see , what else . Uh , well , climate would be , you know , you 'd have to -- Uh-huh . -- you know , is somewhat , if , uh , if it 's something different than the one they 're used to , I guess , uh , if they 're used to the northern weather then the southern weather they might kind of feel like they need to go out and play all the time , not be in studying . If you 're in Florida or California . Uh , I , I 'd also advise them that , uh , if mom and dad paid for their college , that , uh , if they decided to drop a course or decided that they need another year , then they 'd have to get a loan to continue . Yeah . Well , course MUMBLEx it , it is a big factor in having an understanding of how much parents will pay and how much has to come from other sources and your willingness , one , to , to work during the summer or , or -- That 's right . -- part time . There 's , And two , uh , to , to take out loans to assume , uh , debt after college . The , the responsibility of that . And , uh , uh , uh , they could , they could work and earn money towards college . Also if they stay within their state , you get a lot more financial aid or it 's a lot cheaper if you stay within your state -- Yes . -- than if you go out of state to a private school , uh , and , like I said , if they was willing to work , uh , in the summers and also maybe then the parents could pay a third and then maybe they could take out a loan for a third depending on how expensive it is . By the time , I have an eleven year old is my oldest , so , it 's not too far away , but it 's , Mine is twelve . Oh , okay . But it 's getting there , I mean , we still have , definitely can put away the money for college now . Uh , I would advise that , that they did not have a car at college . They would , That 's my gut feeling , too . I , my son is certainly not persuaded of that . Hello ? Yes , I 'm here . Oh , yeah , uh , yes , I did n't have a car in college . I -- No . -- think it 's more an in- , a burden to , to provide for . I think so , too . I think , I think because most kids do n't have a car at college , the ones that do get taken advantage of and , you know , there is just , I think it 's just trouble waiting to happen . So I would advise they did n't , they did n't take a car 

and , uh -- Is it , -- they did n't take a television and they did n't take a refrigerator . Maybe that , 

Uh , I did n't do any of those , though , I -- No , I , I , -- feel less strongly about the T V -s and refrigerators . Yeah , we did n't have , 