

Well , what I believe is one of the major pro- , uh , things that is wrong with our public school system is that , um , we do not have enough discipline -- Uh-huh . -- and the parents do not let the teachers discipline the children the way that they need to be -- Uh-huh . -- disciplined right now . Uh-huh . I agree with that . Uh , when I went to school , I know I was scared to death -- You were ? -- about being disciplined , and the discipline that my daughter receives now -- Uh-huh . -- in going to school is just totally different . Uh-huh . You know , you just , you did not see , I did not see anybody in my classrooms , when I was going to school , act up the way that kids do -- Yeah . -- these days in the classroom . Yeah , yeah . From what I understand , they act up pretty bad . Yeah , that 's right , that 's right . What , uh , grade is your daughter in ? My , my daughter 's in the , um , fourth grade -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- and , um , there 's children in her classroom that just totally disrupt -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- the classroom , where the teacher can not teach -- Yeah . -- and when I went to school that just was n't put up with . Oh , no , uh-huh . They always had a paddle in our school . Uh-huh . Well , they , they just do n't do that any more . I know . But the school system 's afraid of getting sued -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , all sorts of lawsuits I 'm sure because of things like that . Yeah , yeah . And , I also believe we do n't , even though I feel like I pay a good share towards the school system , that the teachers are still underpaid and we still do n't have enough money towards -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- put in toward public school . Uh-huh . And , um , I think that if we had enough money and paid the teachers a little bit more , that maybe that could solve some of our problems . Yeah . Was n't that what part of the lottery is going to go for , if we -- Yes -- 

-- approve it ? -- supposedly that 's what it 's suppose to go for , and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , we 'll just have to wait and see whether that 's approved or not . You know , I do n't know your feelings toward that . I guess we should n't get into that but , um , and what else , um , I think in some ways that they need to be more careful of the teachers that they hire . Uh-huh . I have heard stories , uh , from other parents that I know of , their children are in high school -- Uh-huh . -- that teachers are out there giving drugs and selling drugs , No . Really ? Oh , yeah , Ooh . I 've , I 've heard some horrible , horrible stories about high , high school teachers -- Uh-huh . -- and , you know , to be , be more careful of the teachers that we place in our school . Uh-huh . Um . Um , that 's basically about all that I know that may be wrong with the school system . I think , with what they have to work with , I think they 're doing a pretty good job right now . Oh , I do too , I think they 're doing real good job . Uh-huh , so . But , then , what do I know , -- -- I do n't have any kids . No , none at all . Yeah , okay , so this is probably a real hard subject for you . Oh , yeah . Yeah . Okay , well , I guess , um , we can discontinue our call now . Okay . It was a joy in talking with you . Well , it was good talking to you too . Okay , thanks . We 'll see you , bye-bye . Bye . 