

I started when I was in college . You know , they always offer credit cards for college students . Yes . So I went ahead , and accepted every one that I was offered . Uh-huh . Because I knew it would be easier to go ahead and get them and establish credit early . Right . So , I p , I pack around a lot of them , but I only use a few of them . You have a lot of discipline . 

They make it really easy for people to , uh , to get credit cards , especially college students . Yeah . I have , uh , two daughters who , who both are in college or , in fact , one has finished now . But they both have a lot of credit cards . And they give you such high credit limits . Uh-huh . 

It 's , it 's easy to get caught up in the minimum payment trap . Uh , right . And then they , they give you , uh , uh , the credit limit , and then you 're always s- , seemingly up to that limit . Now I have quite a few credit cards that I 'm always almost up to the limit on most of them . And that 's , that 's how a lot of people get into trouble . Yeah . I 've got , I 've got two that I , you know , that usually I 'll have a balance on . Uh-huh . And then all of the others I just try to use kind of like you would an American Express card and , and pay it off every month . Right . And that way I feel like I 'm getting , you know , a thirty day loan . Yeah . But I do n't have to worry about , you know , running them up too high , except at Christmas . Then they usually go , then they usually get run up pretty good . Yeah . Well , you have a lot of discipline . 

I , uh , I 'm trying my best right now to pay off some of mine . I , I 've , I 've paid off about four credit cards this year . Uh-huh . And , uh , but still I have some that are , are up to the limit . And especially the Visa Card -- Yeah . -- that you can go and get cash on . And it seems like every time I 'm short of cash , I just go get , get it from Visa . Now that 's one , that 's I 've never used my Visa for cash before . Uh-huh . Can you use it like at a bank machine j- , -- Uh , -- or , Well , uh , you can go in a bank and just hand them the Visa Card and say , `` I want a cash advance . '' Or if they 've sent you a , uh , a number that you can use . You know , a , a personal identification number -- Yeah . -- that you can use in the , uh , impact machines or whatever , you , Oh , okay . you can do that . Because I have one that I do n't have a pin number for . You know , sometimes you have to ask them for that . Yeah . And then I have one that , uh , just gave me the pin number automatically . Now we got , 

that 's , that 's funny you said that . Because we got a credit card , uh , my husband and I got credit cards in the mail one day that we had n't even applied for . Uh-huh . Now a couple of weeks later we got , we got pin numbers , and then we got , uh , a bill saying , you know , uh , the yearly fee , it was like forty dollars . Right . And we , we cut them up and sent them back because we , we had n't even applied for them , and we did n't want them . But they , they had just automatically approved us and sent them without even contacting us . Oh , wow ! . So I thought , man , I do n't know if I trust this or not . Well , they , they do that a lot if you have good credit and you have been paying your bills on time . Ev- , ev- , everybody in the world will offer you a , a credit card . It 's like , let 's see if we can get her to run up her bills . But it 's hard , I mean , it 's , it 's tempting when you see something to say , `` Well , I 'll just charge it . '' And sometimes I 'll do that , but usually I , I will try to pay everything off the next month or -- Uh-huh . -- the ones that usually have an outstanding balance all the time , I 'll , I 'll pay more than the minimum payment . Uh-huh . Just I fe , I feel like even that little bit helps . Right . 

Well , you know , the way the economy 's going and inflation and the recession and all that , I think we , we really need to try to stay out of debt as much as possible . That 's , that 's why I 've , I 've really started to try to , to pay off mine and get out of debt . Because we never know when we might , you know , get laid off or -- I know it . -- something . 

Especially me . I work for Texas Instruments , and they 've had , had a lot of , of , uh , you know , layoffs lately . Well , I work for T I too . 

You do ? And I think they 're getting ready to , to probably sell us out , our division . Where are you ? In Johnson City , Tennessee . Johnson City , uh-huh . I -- Yeah . 

-- know they 're selling out somebody in Colorado Springs . Yeah . They just , they just announced that , did n't they ? Yeah . So , I mean , it 's , it 's kind of a bad time to be a slave to your credit cards . It , it certainly is . 

I 've , uh , I have worked on a part , part time job , uh , where I was a collector . Uh-huh . For , uh , uh , a jewelry company . People , uh , that they just had this jewelry account . It was Zales jewelry , in fact . And , uh , a whole bunch of peop- , I mean they have about a thousand collectors , I guess . Man ! And , uh , there 's just so many people that have bought jewelry , which is really a luxury item -- Yeah . -- and then they , they just ca n't pay for it . Something , something happens , you know , and you hear so many stories listening to them . Like , uh , you know , they lost their job or , uh , they , they 've signed for a friend . You know , they got it in their name but they -- Oh . -- got it for a friend and then the friend -- Did n't pay them . -- would n't pay them . and now they 're stuck with the bill , and it 's ruining their credit and -- Man . -- you really have to watch it , this you know . Because , That 's scary . Yeah . Because every , every month all of these credit cards report to the credit bureau , you know . Automatically , mo , most of them do . I did n't realize that . Yeah . And if you , if you 're , uh , it 's bad because if you , you know , your bill is due on the fifteenth -- Yeah . -- then i- , y- , y- , y- , you- , you 're not past due until the fifteenth of the next month . Oh , okay . But , you know , if you , if you pay one day after that fifteenth , you 're not one day late , you 're thirty days late . They do n't , they do n't recognize any time difference , do they ? Right , Ooh , right . that 's scary . A- , a- , and , anyway , we need to watch our credit reports and all that kind of , 

That 's something I never thought about getting , you know , checking with to see what , what your credit report looked like . Uh-huh . Well , you know , you , you can do that . I believe it costs about ten dollars . Might be worth it for peace of mind . Oh , yeah . It is , it is . You might even find somebody 's been reporting on you and you did n't even know it . You know , you , I mean you might think you 're paying something on time or and you , by that day and you 're thir- , thirty days is not real bad though anyway . Yeah . If you 've got a charge off on your credit report or something like that . That 's when it really gets bad . Or something you have n't paid in sixty days or ninety days , you know . And things like that . 

I think that Discover Card has a good idea with , you know , giving you a little cash back incentive for each amount you , you purchase . As long as you do n't go crazy trying to get cash back . Uh-huh . And since they do n't have the yearly fee . Do they charge a lot of interest on that card ? I do n't know . I do n't , I 've never , I have n't gotten one . Uh-huh . Just because it 's , uh , uh , 

I felt like with Visa and Mastercard and American Express you did n't need another one . Uh-huh . I would think it would n't be , you know , much more than the eighteen or nineteen percent everyone else charges . Yeah . So that , that would n't be too bad . 

Well , always watch out for s- , anybody who bills you out of Atlanta , Georgia . Or there 's a couple of other places that are able to charge us like twenty-one and twenty-two percent interest . I know , I had a charge with , uh , Spiegel , and I had n't read the , uh , terms of the credit agreement really . Yeah . And , uh , when I did , I , you know , I realized that , that it just looked , seemed like I was never paying the balance off , you know . And I looked at the credit card agreement one day , and it was like twenty-three percent interest . Holy cow ! And that 's the one bill that I hurry up , hurried and paid up . Definitely . And , That 's awful . and I 've always watched it since then . You really have to watch those interest rates . I mean , 

I mean there 's no point in giving them any more money than we have to . That 's true . So , So anyway , they ca n't bill you any higher than eighteen percent , I think , in , in Texas . But -- Oh , that 's great . -- there , there are a couple of states that can . And one to watch out for is anybody that bills you out of Atlanta , Atlanta , Georgia . I 'll try to remember that one . Well , Well , let 's see . I was trying to think if there was anything else . Uh , the , I guess the worst problem I ever had with , with a credit card though was , um , I got a , an item on my bill that I had never purchased . Uh-huh . I had ordered a sofa and had filled out the paperwork , but they were n't supposed to process it until they delivered it . Uh-huh . And I changed my mind , Uh-huh . but then they went ahead and charged it on my account . Oh . And it took me about eighteen months to get that , all of that mess off of my account . Wow ! So that 's , that 's probably the worst thing I 've ever had happen with a credit card . 

I wonder if they ... 