

Uh , so , Jack , what type of music do you like ? Well , I like , uh , classical , Uh-huh . and , uh , sort of , uh , popular rock type music . Uh , Yeah . I enjoy classical too . I never really had listened to it till I , I got married , Oh . and , and my wife , uh , enjoys it . Uh-huh . So I had never listened to it bef- , till then , but now I listen to it well , whenever she does . And even every once in a while I put it on myself , you know . Yep . Um , wh- , Yeah , 

I , I used to play the piano , and I like , uh , Bach and , Oh , yeah . Um , sort of the baroque music , Handel and , Uh-huh . uh , Vivaldi and those kinds of , Oh , yeah , see those , those are really nice . I like those . Yep , yep . 

Though I , I could n't tell you anything about them other than when my wife says , This is Bach , you know . Oh . Yep , yep . Well , I , you know , I do n't , I do n't know all that much myself , I just , I just know , Uh-huh . when I hear it that I like it . Yeah , that you w , what you like . How about popular music ? Yeah . Uh , whatsever 's on the radio is , is usually okay with me , but , Um . um , sometimes I have a hard time unders , you know , hearing the words clearly if I 'm in the car and there 's noise and stuff so , Yeah . It 's mostly just the tunes . Yeah , I 'm pretty much the same way . 

You know , people always say , Wow ! Th- , the meanings of those words . Yeah , I know . And I 'm always , meaning ? There 's wor- , well , you know , I just thought they just all sort of rhymed , you know . I know , I know . 

About the only thing I can remember after the song is over is the refrain . Right , yeah . That , whenever they say it two or three times . Yeah , yeah . I 'm the same way . Yeah . It 's funny , uh , depending on where you live , I , I , I commute back and forth between Baltimore and a rural town called Salisbury , Uh-huh . which is two and a half hours away , and the difference in the radio with popular music , Uh-huh . is totally different , you know , when , 

Oh , really ? Yeah , because Baltimore will play more , uh , what might be considered m- , a little bit more progressive ? Uh-huh . And as soon as you go down to Salisbury , this town that 's , you know , uh , two and a half hours away in the suburbs or whatever , uh , in a real rural Balt- , uh , Maryland , Yes ? they , it turns into ber- , basically classic rock . Yeah ? And they do n't , you know . Oldies or what ? Yeah , mostly oldies . Yeah . But classic rock , you know , with , if , you know , like when the Doors movie came out , you know , Doors was really on the radio there , Uh-huh . you know . Where , you know , you 'd hear was- , one or two of their more famous songs , maybe top forty in Baltimore , but in Salisbury , you woul , that 's all you would hear was , This is the Doors ! , you know . Oh , yeah , yeah . So , it was sort of a funny thing . Yeah , yeah . There 's a big variation among the country , I mean , if you , Y- , go down south , country music and , Yes , that 's , I 'm starting to realize that . I never really thought about that much , but there is . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , I never , So , I never , I did n't , I , I lived in Pittsburgh before Baltimore , and I did n't , I never really noticed the difference when I moved to this area ? Uh-huh . I really did n't notice at all . It just seemed the same . Yeah . But when I went more rural , you know , that , it really changed . Yeah . So , Yeah . Chicago has a lot of good stations , uh , Oh , does it ? Yeah . Yes . 

Uh , in fact they have , they have a continuous news station , which is nice if you 're driving and you want to h , Yeah . now , you do n't have to wait till the hour mark . It 's , it 's , it 's sort of constant . You just turn there , Uh-huh . and , uh , you get the latest news and everything . It 's , uh , it 's sort of like C N N , you know , you turn on your T V and it 's on . Right . Yeah . Boy , that would really be beneficial . So , yeah . 

Because you never hear the , you never hear the news basically on the radio . I never get it . Yeah , yeah . You know , and if you do n't , if you do n't read the paper , you sort of fall behind if you 're in , Yep . the car all the time . Yep , yep . Yeah , that 's pretty good . So , yeah , I like to listen to tapes , uh , of music or , Uh-huh . or , um , stuff on a long trip . Uh-huh . And , um , now you can even get books on tape , um . Yeah , yeah . On fact , my , uh , my grandmother does that a lot , Uh-huh . because she 's blind , or what , she 's losing her sight or whatever . Yeah . But , yeah , that , of , in , I can imagine , you know , if you 're driving cross country , Uh-huh . you know , uh , listening to a story . S- , lot of the classics are really , Right . on tape . Yep , yep . Yeah . So , that 's a lot of fun but , Yeah , that 's , that would be good . Yep . Well , we strayed a lot from music . Yeah , I guess so . Well , 

But I , but I guess music comes into that whole aspect of listening . Right . So as long you 're listening . So , Right . Yep . But if you do , if you do have to go something , I guess we can just cut off . Yep . Okay . Well , Jack , it was nice to talk to you . Yep . Nice talking to you , Tom . 

A- , and good luck , and I hope you get some more calls and make some more calls . All right . Good . Bye . Thank you . Bye , bye . 