

Okay . Uh , far as , you know , crime in the cities , I 'm sure , like in yours it 's pretty , pretty bad . Uh , probably the biggest thing we 've got going now is the robberies and theft and probably murder -- Uh-huh . -- are the two top ones that we have . How about you ? Uh , well , I do n't actually live in the city , 

but I 'd probably say that 's roughly right . I mean crimes against property seem to outnumber crimes against life , but I , I think with the current war on drugs and all this kind of stuff I 'd say probably the police department would claim the number one crimes , crimes are probably solicitation of prostitution , uh , and sale of drugs . Uh-huh . Prob- , probably right , if you look at it from that stand point . Uh-huh . What , uh , is there anything , uh , that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing ? Uh , where I live now it 's , it 's not so bad . I mean I can basically leave my front door unlocked and not have to worry about it . Uh , but I do have friends that live in the city and I think that they get a lot of fallout from this war on drug thing . Uh , just because there are , like , crack houses , you know , on their street and stuff like this . Uh-huh . Do you live in a real small town or , or out in the country ? I live out in the country , yeah . How far out from the city , I mean , do you , I 'm about fifteen miles out . About fifteen miles . 

I live in a little suburb , uh , which is , I guess from Dallas is twelve miles or so -- Uh-huh . -- but it 's pretty congested . We are considered in the country , Um . but it does n't really feel like you 're in the country . Um . Our major crimes in our immediate town , uh , is probably robberies , house robberies -- Uh-huh . -- and very few instances of , you know , alcohol , drugs , uh , reported . However , I 'm sure they 're there . Uh-huh . But , uh , right now our neighborhood is running about , uh , eighty percent of the homeowners have been robbed , Wow . sometime during their , their , uh , existence in that neighborhood . That 's huge . And since that time everybody 's got some sort of burglar system or , you know , uh , burglar alarms -- Uh-huh . -- uh , and including the out , uh , the outer perimeter type , uh , devices , Uh-huh . sensors and things like that . It 's cut back , you know , considerably , but it , it just shifts it from our neighborhood to another neighborhood to other neighborhood , so it still , uh , remains city wide , pretty , pretty high . 

Are there , are there any theories on why this is happening ? Uh , I would say the majority of it 's happening during the day , uh , between probably ten in the morning and three in the afternoon . Uh-huh . Most , But why ? Why is it happening ? 

Well , most families , most families are young and both people are working . Uh-huh . So they 're happening during the hours they 're gone from work . Uh-huh . Uh , so , uh , I would say that 's probably their prime motivation . They 'll , they 'll stock your house and , uh , look at your pattern and then go from there . So they 're professionals ? Uh , they classify most of them as professionals . Um . Uh , you get a few of them that are a little bit sloppier , uh , just taking , uh , you know , just junk items that they , they can just get , you know , ten to twenty bucks for real quick . Uh-huh . Probably the biggest items that , uh , that you get in our neighborhood , or , would be the high classed automobiles , the , you know , Mercedes , Volvos , things that they can get , you know , big dollars for -- Uh-huh . -- and the jewelry are the major targets , guns , that sort of stuff . Um . Very few , you know , penny , penny ante stuff . 

Well , what do you think can be done to reduce that sort of crime ? Well , uh , the police force , for one , I think they could , uh , definitely add to the police force and the type equipment that they use . Uh , it 's , oh , right now I think , we are about thirty thousand people and there 's only eight officers that patrol for thirty , Uh-huh . for that amount of people -- Uh-huh . -- which is not very many . Right . And , But , I mean , that 's going to tend to , I mean it seems to me that sort of approach will tend to simply make the cost of committing the crime slightly higher , in other words , you 've increased the probability of somebody being caught a little bit . The real question is how do you convince people not to commit such crimes in the first place . Well , the , course in our particular state , uh , we have the prison overcrowding , whatever , so they 're giving the early release , uh , Right . They 're doing that in our state , too . Yeah , and , and it 's , 

I think what they need to do is stop building more jails and start giving stiffer sentences , uh , but for the , So you think that would be a deterrent ? That would be , certainly be a deterrent . Uh-huh . 

And , uh , not necessarily , you know , give in to their , uh , human rights desires . You know , if they 're overcrowded , just keep cramming them in there till they just suffocate . Uh , Well , what about an innocent person who happens to have been found guilty ? Uh , I think they 'd have to go to extra measures to make sure a person 's guilty , you know , in a lot of cases . Course , I , I know you ca n't be a hundred percent foolproof . Right . Uh , So you 'd , you 'd rather see it harder to convict somebody . I 'd rather see it a little bit harder and have a little bit more evidence , Uh-huh . 

uh , to convict somebody and then those convicted , especially of , you know , murder and , and , uh , you know , major crimes , Uh-huh . uh , to reach the life sentences and , you know , death penalties and follow through with that . Huh . Uh , especially , you know , in the case of murder -- Right . -- uh , I know in my case , I , my wife and daughter were kidnapped , Oh , wow . during a house robbery back in eighty-five -- Oh , my goodness . -- and we caught , the individuals got caught , we , uh , Uh-huh . we went through the court system and all that sort of thing and , uh , you know , two counts of kidnapping , uh -- Uh-huh . 

-- you know , the , the forty-five to the head , you know , just the , the mental anguish and the whole nine yards -- Right . -- uh , you know , the guy only got five years . Wow . And , you know , he was out within two months because of the parole system . So what , what , 

Did you , did you sue him under the civil system ? Do what now ? Did you sue him under the civil system ? N- , no . I 'm not real familiar with that . 

Well , you could probably sue him for mental anguish or something , right , Oh . and try to get money from him and , Well , the insurance companies and all that tried to , tried to go after him and they said , well , you know , he , they 're , he has no job , he has nothing , there 's nothing that he has that , that you could go after . Yeah . Makes you wish that had , uh , still had indentured servitude , for this sort of thing . Yeah . Uh , very seld- , But they give the guy a job in prison and make him pay his damn debt . Yeah . They do n't do that here . Course they pay them , but they do n't , you do n't , you or the insurance companies never see any of that money . Yeah , that 's too bad . And , uh , you know , and they 're , right now they 're reluctant to go after him because they 're , you know , they 're , they 're repeat offenders , they , uh , been in jail before , Uh-huh , uh-huh . 

they 've been released , you know , several times , which is another , Uh-huh . uh , deal I hate to see . Uh-huh . But , uh , you know , basically the guy commits , you know three major crimes and , and , uh , Yeah , I , I think that 's re- , and car theft on top of it , Yeah . 

destroys my car , Yeah . and we 're out , you know , uh , you know , fifteen thousand dollars and , That 's awful . you know , the guy gets out in two months and he goes out and commits it again . 

Fact , he 's back in jail now . So , what , what , uh , Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes . Yeah . What , what deterrent does he really have ? Yeah . Yeah , I think in our , in our particular neighborhood , vigilantism is becoming a real , real possibility . Uh-huh . Uh , we 've had a couple instances where break ins where the people have actually , you know , shot the people -- Oh , my God . -- and , uh , return offenders have , they 've actually waited for them , where they 've robbed , you know , particular neighborhood , they 'll rob one house , then other people will wait up , you know , and wait for somebody to do something else , try to take it in their own hands . Right . Course it does n't always work out in their favor . Right . 

But , uh , nevertheless , Uh-huh . I think people are just getting fed up and saying , you know , you ca n't arrest all of us , you can , Right . you know , you can get some of us , you ca n't get all of us . Uh-huh . Uh , and we 're beginning to see more and more of that . And that , that 's a deterrent , too . If you think the home owner might be armed , right , and awake -- Yeah . -- here you break in , and you 're going to get shot . Yeah , 

that 's , I mean that 's certainly a possibility in , in , we have had a few cases where the guy has broken in , you know , during the middle of the night and gotten himself shot to death . Uh-huh . And , uh , it helps for a while -- Uh-huh . -- but then just another different set of people come in , and most of the people are transients from out , outside of the state . Huh . Uh , I would say probably eighty percent of them that are caught , they 're from places like up in Oklahoma , and Louisiana , Arkansas , you know , across the , the border . Wow , So , you know , people who do n't readily read the newspapers in our town or whatever -- Uh-huh . -- it 's not many from the local communities . Uh-huh . But , uh , it 's a problem , and I , I just , I think that the court systems need to be more accurate in , in , stiffer in their penalties , Yeah . would be a definite deterrent and , Yeah . and , uh , giving the , uh , police , uh , agencies a little bit more jurisdiction over what they do when they , when they catch these people . Uh-huh . I mean , I , I tend to agree with you . I think , uh , what I would like to see is , number one , completely getting rid of these victimless crimes . Uh , there 's no reason to enforce those and spend time and money doing it -- Right . 

-- and , and worry about these things where people are getting hurt . And I think one of the big things that you can do is , to increase deterrence is , uh , if someone is found guilty of a , uh , felony level offense , they lose their citizenship . And they lose their constitutional rights . Uh-huh . You know , and just a lot of things that we 're trying to worry about , you know , protecting these people from , we just do n't protect them . I know like in my wife 's case , they made her feel like the criminal . 

I know , and I think , I think that 's ridiculous . They , they went to all , all ... 