

Okay . Well , I do not know . How big a city is Rome ? I mean , you have heard about Dallas , and th- , the crime here is pretty bad . Well , Rome is pretty small . But , uh , Yeah . I was going to say . we hear a lot about , uh , New York City . Uh-huh . There is a lot of crime down there . And I am , I am afraid to go down there because , you know , I mean , you hear about people getting mugged . You leave your car for ten minutes and it is stripped when you come back . Yeah . 

Have you ever been there ? No , I have not . Only to the airport . That is , uh , probably enough to see . Um , are you in college right now ? No . I am , I work at , for the Air Force . 

Oh , okay . So , there is a base up here . And , Are base , that 's inter , interesting concept . Are bases safe , you know ? Bases are pretty safe because they check your I D on your way in . And , Yeah . The , they , uh , minimize the access . Right . But even so we had a , uh , uh , at New Years , Uh-huh . we had some people come in and , uh , like attack one of the planes . Because they were protesting , uh , Oh , no . the presence over in the Persian Gulf . Sure . Oh , great . That -- So , -- is wonderful . Yeah . Well , Dallas , uh , we lived in Minneapolis . Uh , we moved here about ten months ago . And Dallas is pretty , uh , well , we live in north Tex- , north Dallas which is like a suburb , near a suburb called Plano . So we are out of the city , but it is , uh , it is bad everywhere in terms of , uh , you know , the handgun situation , um , the number of rapes , the number of muggings . Just , it is , it is , I would not say it is not as bad as New York , but it is pretty scary . Yeah . You know , people put bars on their windows in certain neighborhoods and , Yeah . you know . They call them ornamental grates . But they are still bars . That makes it bad for getting out during a fire . Yeah . It really does . And if you are a little bit claustrophobic but , uh . I do not know , I mean the jails are crowded . I , I , I am not a criminal justice specialist , so I do not know what , you know , what can be done . I am , I do not , 

you know , I do not know , it seems to , I think it is getting worse . Because I keep hearing things like I , when I was h- , I went home , my parents live in Boston . Uh-huh . But I went home , and -- Yeah . -- we were watching T V , and this thing came on where these , a group of like five or six guys went and filmed themselves beating up people in the street and , and robbing -- Oh . -- them . And it was really disgusting . And my mom was like , `` They should just be all shot right now . '' And I mean , you he , Were they teenagers or ? Uh , 

Like that girl in New York that got beat up by , you know , when she was jogging -- Yeah . -- in Central Park , Yeah . Um , a couple of years ago ? 

They were not , I think they were early twenties . Yeah . They were young men . Yeah . But they , so they were n't , you know . 

And were they , uh , were they , were they obviously poor or depri , you know ? That is really stra . Like I say , s- , I know it . 

How s- , deprived could they be if they had a camcorder ? Those are a thousand bucks . Yeah . Unless they stole it . 

And I mean , that is one big thing down here . I mean , they have like , uh , and they are not all young . I mean , they are eighteen to twenty-four , some of the young men and women . But , I mean , you can , you can see the Crime Stoppers ads on television . And they are , sometimes it is the same people that have been , that have been observed and they still ca n't catch them . Yeah . And you are wondering how , you know . Um , we lived in Minneapolis and Wisconsin . I mean , there was all kind of , I , I , know , I , I , I know it is getting worse . I do not know what the world is or is not . Uh , the dimi- , in a small town in Wisconsin , near Madison , um , a young boy somehow got a hold of a shotgun . Uh-huh . And killed his parents and his three brothers and sisters . And the child had , and he , they said that he was twelve years old , and he had , uh , he had not , uh , displayed any tendencies deviant or disturbed or whatever , you know . Yeah . And you are thinking to yourself , um . I wonder where , 

I know . I do not know . I wonder where he gets it ? You know , you must , I think T V is bad . Because they , uh , show all sorts of violence on , That 

and I do not think a lot of parents , I mean , I do not , I do not know how it is in the Air Force base . But , uh , I just do not think a lot of people , because of the economy , both need to work , you know . I just do not think a lot of parents are that involved any more . Yeah . They do not , they do not talk to their kids and take them out . 

And , and -- Uh , -- are not there all the time so the kids are off to their own devices a lot . Right . And discipline . I do not know how your folks were , 

but I mean I sure knew as heck when I was growing up that , uh , my parents were the superior and I was the subordinate . And , you know . Oh , definitely . It was sort of like there were boundaries . And I do not think , I do not know , I think today a lot of parents , um , are ruled by their kids . I , I , I think so definitely . 

When you go to a restaurant , and like kids are running all over the place . They , Yeah . Right . I mean , they are not learning how to , uh , well , like boundaries . I mean , I do not , I see it in work place too , sometimes . I do not know how old you are , but you sound a little bit younger than me . But , I am in my thirties , and I , uh , I see , uh , even people that work with me that are ten years younger . That , you know , they kind of have an attitude that , I ha , I hate to to say it , but it 's , that 's just what it is . It is an attitude -- Yep . But , -- like -- they , -- the world owes them something . Right , 

I , I see that too in the Air Force . Espec- , Do you ? Oh , yeah . A lot of , uh , especially since a lot of us are engineers where I work . 

Are you in the Air Force ? I am in the Air Force . Yes . Okay . And so , uh , people outside the Air Force doing engineering get paid a lot more than we do . Sure . And so all the young engineers are like , well , I am just , going , you know , Huh . get it for all it is worth . And that , Right . you know , and I am like , you are the one who signed up . If you did not want to do it . And , Right , right . 

And the Air Force is one of the bitter , better military , supposedly m- , m- , military experiences . Yep , it is . I mean , I like it a lot . Pardon me ? I like it so far . 

I mean , that is , are you going to be a career person ? I 'm digressing , but , I do not talk to many people in the -- Oh . -- military . So I am , Probably not . But , uh , they pay for my college . So , That is the way to do it . I mean , and that 's , you know , at least the Air Force is , 

I do not know , I just , uh , I am nervous in Dallas . I mean , I , you know , I mean , I go to like an aerobics class or something . And , I , you know , uh , seventy women in a Jazzercise class in a public , uh , parks and rec building . And you are supposed to feel safe , but then there are all these , it does not matter race , but , you know , it is an inter racial mix . And you see these guys standing there watching you jump around in your leotards . Yeah . And I do not even think that way , but I mean , you just think to yourself , you , you just , I mean , nobody can think that , that it ca n't happen to them . It , No matter who they are or where they are at , you know . Yeah . And you never know who is watching , either . I mean , did you , I do not know , I was in the grocery store this morning . We , uh , went to New Orleans for four days and came back late last night , driving . And it is about seven hours . Huh-uh . Um , and that is a very , we had never been there . 

That is a very , very neat town to visit . Uh-huh . Uh , in terms of the French Quarter and all of the things -- Right . -- you hear about . But the crime is so bad there . I mean , in all the tourist brochures you read about what you should or should not do . How to carry -- Uh-huh . -- your wallet , uh . This is New Orleans ? New Orleans , yeah . 

Oh , I would hate to be there during Mardi Gras . Let me tell , I would never , yeah . You just do not . Do not even bother . It is not worth it . Uh , the , when we came back , I do not know if you have seen . I was in the super market this morning and on the cover of TIME magazine , there is a girl , she is in Boston ? She is on the east coast somewhere . Real attractive young girl . College freshman , I , college coed . I think she is a freshman . She had been dating a fellow for several -- Uh-huh . -- weeks . They went back to her dorm room -- Uh-huh . -- and date rape . I mean , and it just , sh- , she looked anguished . I mean , it was really just sad . I mean , did not pick it up and read it , but I should have . But I just looked at the picture and thought , what a world . I know . I mean , I do not , yeah , You ca n't trust anybody . I do not have any , uh , cure , It is , it is really scary . No , 

you really ca n't . I mean , I , they , we lease out a really nice two story town home in north Dallas . And they have a real big thing here . People , I mean , even dry cleaners knock on the door and are soliciting , you know . They , everybody wants your business kind of thing . Right . And my husband is the kind of guy , he 's , he 's sometime , he was raised on a farm in southern Ohio , near Dayton . And I think sometimes it is just , he and I are very different in terms of that . I , I mean , I basically have started not to trust -- Right . -- anybody in general street smarts . We , And , uh , he opened the door . I came downstairs and I was real upset and I probably got more nasty than I should have . But I just said , Howard , Uh-huh . you know , oh , my God . I would not , I mean , Well , you , you , hear about people opening the door and getting blown away . Oh , yeah . And it does , I mean , it is , it is not a reason . I mean , I have been to New York . You should not deny yourself going to visit -- 

-- and all that . Uh-huh . Uh , but it is not any worse . I used to work for a mortgage company that was owned by , uh , are you from Boston ? Yeah . Home Owners Savings and Loan in Boston . Uh-huh . And I know I never felt , I mean , I have been to downtown New York City and I have been to downtown Boston . And I never felt any safer on Milk Street in Boston , staying at the Meridian , I did not pay for . But , I mean , I never felt any safer there than I did in any other city -- Right . -- I have been in , you know . Right . So I would say one thing . Do not deny yourself the New York exper- , bu- , experience , but go with people that you know . Yeah . I would not want to go by myself . 

No , uh . But I mean , it , yeah , I do not know . I mean , I , I guess I could go on and on about what to do about criminals . Uh , I think the handgun , I am not real big on guns -- Uh-huh . -- myself . So , I think our -- I mean , -- justice system needs to be stricter . I mean , because everyone , they do it Are the New York , uh , are the New York , I do not know how the New York state prison system -- -- is but , Yeah . Are they booked up ? That is a way to put it , they are booked up . Are they paroling , uh , like murderers and , I mean , here it is just a real big deal . They parole people that have killed police officers and then they are out doing it again . Right , um , I do not , I do not know . Because I am not real up on -- Uh-huh . -- a lot of news things . But , you know , you just -- Uh-huh . -- hear about that , that , you know , it is a lot of repeat crime . And you are like , why are they repeating ? They should have been in there longer . Or , I know . And then you think , I mean , I ha , I mean , I can remember , I have not been out of school that long , but it has been at least ten years . And you think to yourself , was it that bad back then ? Or is it just , I think that , like you said , television ? Is it just that more people think there is like excitement in it , you know ? I mean , people that may have been close to the edge just go over because they see something or read something . It seems like a lot of , i- , that it is more , like in Boston , there was a case of , uh , a couple of kids , fifteen year olds . They wanted to see what it was like to kill someone . Uh-huh . So they , they picked on this -- Uh-huh . -- kid who was like new in town . And they were like , well , no one was going to miss him anyway , you know , and it like , Oh , god . ugh , that is horrible . How can you even think like that ? I- , i- , it is , yeah , is n't it something ? I mean , I , I have a , I am originally from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and I have a niece and nephew . And I just , uh , I mean my ten year old nephew says things that he is aware of that I am just going , Michael , 

how did you hear about that ? You know , it is just , I think kids get too -- Yeah . -- much too fast . Yeah . And all those sort of things . In Atlanta , where my inlaws live , uh , they had that thing , you know , the high top sneakers , Right . the Air Jordans , et cetera . Right . Kids killing each other and beating their brains out . Oh , for the sneakers . Right . Or the , or the jackets , the team like the Raiders -- Yeah . 

-- and the caps . Yeah . You know , stealing the hundred dollar jackets . Uh , I mean , it is I guess , it goes from the most petty like that to like what you were saying that they , in Boston . That is crime where they videoed . That is probably one of the most -- Yeah . -- bizarre I have heard of . Where they videotape themselves . Yeah . It seems like crime is turning into a pastime instead of like , you know , be ... 