

Okay , so what kind of car are you thinking about getting ? Well , none at the moment . Well , when you decide to . No , no , no . I currently drive a , a Ford Taurus . Uh-huh . 

And I would ima , I would imagine that if I change or if I get another car , a new car , I will go with the Taurus or something similar , uh , in that regard . So you like the Ford ? Absolutely . I have had it for about two years now -- Uh-huh . -- and it 's uh , it 's everything it 's supposed to be . Uh , I have n't had a minute 's trouble with it -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , the only thing I have against it in that 's it 's a Taurus , but I still feel a little , even after two years , I still feel uncomfortable driving it , because I had a Honda before that -- Uh-huh . -- and so it 's a little bit larger . Right . But that 's the only , the only difference that I see , really . But I would , my , my criteria would be , at the moment it would be , uh , American , uh , personally , an , Uh-huh . Yeah , it 's the , this , 

the car I had before this one was a Thunderbird -- Uh-huh . -- as a matter of fact , and , uh , I loved it , I really did . But , uh , um , I finally decided to go check out what the , uh , what the , uh , foreign cars were . So I bought myself a , a , a Nissan -- Uh-huh . -- a two forty S X . But even though I love the car I 've got now , I think my next car will probably be American again -- Uh-huh . -- because if I can at all do it , I 'd like to stay American , I always have , up until now . I just for one time decided to go outside . So . Well , my wife drives a , still has a , a Honda -- Uh-huh . 

-- Accord , and it 's a very , it 's an excellent automobile . Uh-huh . And , uh , but , you know , price and so forth , I 'm not a real car fan . So , I , I , I do not , uh , opt for , uh , something that would be , you know , expensive -- Right . -- you know , I want , I want something that 's serviceable , serviceable , something that I can use -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , and I , and with the Taurus , I have a Taurus , uh , L X , and it 's , you know , you 're talking when you think about price , it 's several thousand dollars lower than the comparable Honda or Nissan or something along those lines . Uh-huh . And as I said , as far I 'm concerned , it , it has been extremely , uh , uh , serviceable and everything I wanted . Well , Ford 's done a real good job in the last , uh , say , ten years -- Uh-huh . -- or at least the last five to te- , six years , so , of really turning around their , um , quality , I think , um . Oh , I think so too . Now , I , you know , in travel and renting automobiles -- Uh-huh . -- uh , in , I 've driven , you know , Chevrolet automobiles and so for- , and Dodge , and I , if it 's Chevrolet , I just will not touch it . Um . Uh , I had a Chevrolet before I bought my Taurus . I purchased a , a Chevy , um , Citation . Oh , yeah , those were not good cars . 

And , uh , I was ready to get rid of it two months after I bought it , Uh-huh . And , uh , so I , I shopped around , and I would , I probably , if I had thought I , uh , wanted to pay the amount of money , I probably would have gone with , uh , uh , an Accord -- Uh-huh . -- or even a , a Civic , or something comparable from Nissan -- Right . -- or Toyota , and , uh , but it was just , I had , I have a friend who , uh , has a , uh , an auto shop , and he purchased one of the first Sables that was , uh , manufactured for his wife , a Sable station wagon , and he just absolutely swore by it . Uh-huh . And it was upon his recommendation and so forth for , you know , comparable , comparably equipped , you know , with cruise control and air conditioning and A M F M radio , and all these other things -- Uh-huh . -- uh , it was just , there was no , there was no comparison . Uh , the only thing that I find , you know , if I would have anything against it is that it still has that soft American ride . Right . Uh , not , uh , that 's about the only thing I find , you know , disadvantageous to it . But , my criteria , is simply something that looks good , something that 's serviceable , and I , you know , I drive around a lot , but , uh , and it 's , you know , it 's very comfortable on the highway . I can drive for , you know , ten hours or so and not really be tired in any way . Uh-huh . But those are my criteria , and I , I probably in another six months to a year or something will probably start looking around again , and if there 's something out there that , uh , is comparable to what I have now , I 'll go ahead and get it . Uh-huh . You know , the only thing I 'm looking , at right now , um , I just , I just bought , you know , the Nissan that I 've got about , uh , say , nine months ago , I guess it was . So the only thing that , that would get me to change cars right now would be if , see , at the moment I 'm single , and if I were to get married and have a family that would have to have something to do with it . But , uh , I do n't have any plans for probably another two , three years of even looking , you know . Uh-huh . Uh , cars are too expensive right now to , uh -- I , yeah . -- to even think about buying new cars every couple of years , you know it 's In our parking lots , uh , two or three days ago I saw one of the new Honda sports cars . Uh-huh . Uh , I , I ca n't remember what the name is . It 's the thirty-five or forty thousand dollar one , whatever it is , 

and it looked , it resembled a Mazaratti -- Um . -- very , very closely . And it 's an absolutely beautiful automobile -- Uh-huh . -- and well appointed and so forth , but to pay that much money for an automobile , uh , is just , I ca n't , I ca n't conceive of doing that . Yeah , that 's , uh , 

I went to a , a car show down here about , uh , about two weeks ago , and , um , you know , of course they had the normal , the Ford , the , the Chevrolet , that stuff . But then you started looking at the , uh , uh , they had Ferrari there , they had , uh , B M W and all these other kinds of cars . And Ferrari did n't even let you near the car , I mean , they were , that 's how expensive they were . Uh-huh . And then you saw , uh , hundred thousand dollar cars , you saw eighty thousand dollar cars , and even , even though I , I , I do enjoy cars , I enjoy , um , driving them , I enjoy , uh , riding in them and everything , but , I ca n't see buying , or paying more for a car than I would for a house , you know . That 's true . Well , 

That does n't seem likely . The difference there is , too , uh , is between us is that I am not really crazy about driving . Uh-huh . I never have been , since , you know , my parents had to force me to get my driver 's license when I was young -- Uh-huh . -- when I was sixteen . So I 've never really cared . Now , what I was , you know , before I was married and before I went to graduate school , I used to do little sports car racing . I never , it was never my own car -- Uh-huh . -- it was always someone else 's . And that sort of thing I enjoy , but to go out and drive , uh , never has really been , had any appeal to me -- Uh-huh . -- in that regard . So . Well I guess we 've discussed that enough do n't you think . I think so . We wo n't , we do n't , we wo n't get the recorder or the , uh , system to shut us off , uh , tonight . That 's happened to me almost every time I 've , That 's happened to me once , So , uh , Well , it 's very easy when you get a top- , you get on a topic that , you know , you enjoy . Yeah , 

like , uh , I think the one time I did it was on Sau- , the Mid , the Mid East , the crisis out there . Oh , yeah . That was , had a great conversation , but , uh , then they came off and told us we could n't do it any more . So . 

Well I was talking to a lady last evening , and we were talking about fishing , and , uh , we were cut off , well , we were told to quit . Yeah . Okay . Well , you have a pleasant evening . You too . Take care . Bye-bye . Good-bye . 