

Okay . Okay , that made a nice ugly sound . So , Your name is Lynn ? Linda . Linda . Uh-huh . So , sounds like you like to read . Yeah , 

I read quite a bit , probably do n't read as much as I would like to . I do n't read as much as I would like to either . I 'm , I 'm a single mom , but I have always loved reading . Uh-huh . What do you like to read ? Um , well um , I 'm a , I 'm a counselor , a therapist by trade , so most of my books are , um , I guess what you 'd call self improvement type of books . That what I 've been reading lately a lot of . Um , my interests switch around dramatically . I used to read just , mainly fic- , fiction , and now I , lik- , like a said , I 've read a lot of self , self help books . Uh-huh . 

What kind of things have you read ? Oh , I read all kinds of things for , um , helping people survive a divorce . Uh-huh . Uh , THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED was probably one of my favorites . Have you read that ? Uh , I have n't gotten through it yet . You have n't ? No . Okay , what would you recommend ? 

Um , as far as dealing with divorce ? Oh , I 'm kind of getting that one past me , but a good self help book . Good self help . Yeah . 

Well , um probably the best one that I , I know of and I work with all the time is called SEARCH FOR SIGNIFICANCE -- Um , that sounds good . -- by Robert McGee -- Uh-huh . 

-- and it 's one that we use in our work . It 's probably one you 'd find in like a Christian book store . I do n't know what the chains are down there . Maybe in the mall family book store , something like that . Uh-huh . I 'm writing it down . That does soun , that 's sound really good . Um , what kind of counseling do you do , or should we stay on the topic of books ? Um , probably should stay on the topic , but that has a little bit to do with some of the things that I read . MUMBLEx . I 'm a therapist for Rossa . It 's a Christian treatment organization -- Oh . 

-- and because of that I see , uh , work with adolescents specifically , so I see a lot of kids with , with various problems . Right now some of the things I 'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse , so a lot of the books I 've been reading have to do with helping them get through those issues . Oh , I would imagine helping them feel good about themselves they 're at a bad stage anyway , and then to have to deal with sexual abuse -- Uh-huh . -- would be terrible , as a teen . 

That 's , uh , MUMBLEx that must be a wonderful feeling to be in that profession and be able to make a contribution like that . Well , sometimes it 's rewarding , and , and sometimes it 's a struggle . Oh , I 'm sure , I 'm sure . Uh , what oth , 

is , is that just the only type of reading you 've been doing , or do you , have you read any good novels lately ? Um , I guess I 've got so many books like that that I need to read it 's , it 's hard for me to do a lot of , uh , just joy reading . Yeah . reading , yeah , reading just for enjoyment . I hear you there , that 's for sure . Um , In fact , 

I guess , the last book I 've read , my oldest daughter had to read LOST HORIZONS for her English class , Uh-huh . And I just realized I had never read it growing up . So , I just finished reading that for enjoyment . Um , that 's neat . And it wa , it was good . Um , she , she 's not , did n't enjoy it much , so I did n't get much satisfaction trying to discuss it with her . But I thought it was real interesting . Yeah , 

I 've always wanted to go back and read some of my literature texts from college -- Uh-huh . -- um , because I enjoyed some of those stories so much , but I never seem to have the time to do -- I know . -- that kind of reading . Yeah . Um , I trying to think of some of my other favorite books , but , I , I keep lists , I must have a list of , oh , two hundred , three hundred books that I want to read . Uh-huh . Just like , MUMBLEx I want to read that and I write it down . Yeah , I 've got a stack next to my bed . So do I . I tend to get a little bit of ways in a book and then I , I get distracted , and , or have to start on another one , it 's pretty tough to keep up with . I was trying to think of , I , I 've got a copy of THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED but I was trying to think , there 's another Scott MUMBLEx book that I 've got that I had read . Uh , He , he also wrote PEOPLE OF THE LIE . Yeah , that 's the one I was thinking of . Yeah . I , I bought that one , and I did n't get into , involved in that one as well . There 's another one he wrote that even sounds better , and it 's kind of the whole concept of global peace , you know , like , and communities -- Uh-huh . -- building communities . Someone just recently said something really neat about that . Uh , I got involved in , uh , Beginning Experience Weekends , and , uh , it was of the people from there that said that . His latest book , and I ca n't recall the name of it , is just excellent , and his whole idea is , we can build a better world if people get involved in good community building projects . And he did , uh , mention Beginning Experience Weekends as one of the , you know , one of the places . Uh . So , I 've ha- , um , That 's interesting . Yeah , it , it really was . 

A real fun boo- , bunch of books that I read , uh , the beginning of last year were , um , the author of JONATHAN , JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEA- , SEAGULL -- Uh-huh . -- I ca n't think of his name . Is it MUMBLEx ? Pardon me -- MUMBLEx ? 

-- uh , no , uh , oh , it 'll , it 'll come to me , but he wrote , he wrote the ILLUSION , and A BRIDGE OVER TI- , A BRIDGE TO FOREVER . Those are MUMBLEx mind expanding books . Um . His concepts are so different than what I would have ever dreamed of . I ca n't think of what his name is right , right off the bat , though . But , uh , they , they were fun . They were real just books for fun . Uh-huh . Have you been involved on the Switchboard long ? Um , not very long . I really just started . Uh-huh . How did you get involved ? My wife has been working for T I . Oh , I see . 

I 'm a former T I-er . I just recently quit . And so , uh , I got myself involved in a sales job , and right now , my list of books to be read have to do with , uh , the art of selling . Oh , uh-huh . So . It 's just , I was just thinking , at , at Rossa 

they tend to come out with a new book every couple of weeks -- Uh-huh . -- just to help us deal with all the things that we have to deal with . So , I keep getting stacks of books I need to read , and , Never , never -- I do n't know when I 'm going to get to them all . -- there 's never going to be enough hours in the day . 

I do n't think so . Even if you took speed reading . Huh . Yeah , I do n't think so . So , well , I 'm trying to think of what other kind . 

Do you like to read mysteries . Yeah , a little bit . Do you like Ken MUMBLEx ? Um . Trying to think . He writes , uh , spy novels , THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I 've , I 've really , I really have found his books enjoyable . I like that kind of stuff . 

I think the last novel I read I read , I guess , in conjunction with my wife over vacation last year . It was a , um , last name 's MUMBLEx , it 's called PIERCING , no , it 's called THIS PRESENT DARKNESS . Um . It 's , uh , kind of unusual book . It 's a lot about spiritual warfare and some things like that . Oh that sounds interesting . It sounds really good . 

Hey , you should make yourself a promise that you 'll , you 'll read one novel in the next six months , just for you . Uh-huh . You know , it 's , it 's so easy to get caught up on reading just for your work , or , you know , self improvement , and you kind of forget the fun of reading . Yeah , that 's true . Yeah , 

very easily . So , Well , I guess we 've covered the topic pretty thoroughly . I think so , too . And I thank you for calling . Yeah , nice talking to you , Linda . 

And , uh , I 'll have to check out that book you , Okay , great . told me about . Okay , Hope you like you it . Thank you . Uh-huh . You take care . You , too . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 