

Cindy , have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES ? No , I have n't . Have you ? Oh , that is a wonderful movie . Uh-huh , it 's not , the length is n't too long ? No . Uh-huh . Oh goodness no . You do n't even , you do n't even realize it , you know . Well , we all heard different opinions about it . Uh , Really . Uh-huh , one that , you know , yeah , it was too long and they thought that , you know , at certain points that it was going to end , and it did n't , and it kept going on and , uh-huh . Oh , I thought it was great . Really . Yeah . 

Now , I 've seen , you know , some different clips of it , um , and it , it looks good , it 's just I have n't had the time to go to the movies lately . 

Well , yeah , and I heard a story about there 's a , there 's a certain scene in the movie where there 's , um , where they 're , they 're on a buffalo hunt . Uh-huh . And they have a particular child actor , uh , who 's , who 's being supposedly run down by a buffalo . Uh-huh . And when they were trying to film that , the buffalo that they used for that scene was Neil Young 's buffalo . Uh-huh . I ca n't remember what they said his name was . But he has a fetish for Oreo cookies . Uh-huh , oh , And he got him to run like he was running down the kid by luring him with oreo cookies . Hey , 

that 'd work for me , let me tell you . I thought that was really funny . Uh-huh , uh-huh . 

Now I 've seen another clip of , um , the guy that plays in MURPHY BROWN , I do n't know his name , but he played the , uh , the , the character in it that was very , like , gross , I mean , very dirty , an , Oh , yeah . Oh , I saw the one clip of him and ugh , it was first , I guess he was taking Kevin Costner to like the site where he was going to be or whatever . Oh , yeah . That was rather , um , gross . Yeah , the wagon , the wagon driver . Yeah , yeah . But other than that I 've heard the , the , you know , the , um , the scenery in it -- Yeah . -- is absolutely beautiful . And , uh , the costuming -- Uh-huh , really . -- yeah , was , the only thing about the costuming my husband remarked that it did n't , that , that , um , the Indians all appeared to be wearing new things . 

Oh really . And they should have taken them out and rolled them in the dirt a little more -- Uh-huh . -- probably -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- to age , to age the material so , they , they did very authentic reproductions of the , The styles , uh-huh . of the actual stuff , but they did n't , they did n't age it -- Uh-huh . -- quite enough it seemed . Uh-huh . But it was a very good movie . Uh-huh . 

Well , I guess I will have to see it then . What have you seen lately ? Um , actually have been to the movies , um , 

I think the last movie I saw was MISERY . Oh , I did n't see that . Oh , very suspenseful . I do n't , I do n't like Stephen King . I really do n't either , but I went with someone , 

and once I was there , I could n't believe . I mean , it 's an excellent movie . Really . Yeah . I was n't sure , 

because , uh , just generally , you know , that kind of scary stuff I , I just do n't want to have anything to do with it . It 's not necessarily , it 's not necessarily scary as it is suspenseful . I mean it 's not . Yeah , I think I heard somebody talking about that she cuts his foot off or something , you know . No , in , in the book apparently she cuts his feet off , but in the movie she , she disables him , but not by cutting his feet . Um . Um , she , she breaks both of his ankles . Ugh . And that I could n't watch , and , but , you know , you could tell when it was coming . Yeah . So yeah , um , that was so that he could n't leave her , cause she , It still just seems a little twisted to me . Yeah , yeah I 'm not sure I would have enjoyed that at all . Yeah , well , as far as that goes , yeah , I mean , you would n't like to see anybo- , anything happen to anybody , but it was just how she got so caught up , her emotions -- Yeah . -- and , you know , and , and she feel madly in love with this writer . Uh-huh . And there was this , but she was a killer , and the , the character was , you know , prior to that had , had been someone that had killed other people -- Yeah . -- but no one knew that . Oh , yeah . So . But . So , yeah , 

we just have n't had the time to go to the movies lately , I know , we do n't see movies at the movies a lot . Uh-huh . The last , we did go see DANCES WITH WOLVES and we went to see NOT WITHOUT MY DAUGHTER , but mostly we wait until they come out on video tape , and then we rent them . Right , right . Now I want to see SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY . 

Oh , yeah -- -- that looks really good too . -- yeah , that looks good . 

And there were a couple others that I just have n't had the time . And SILENCE OF THE LAMBS . Now see I . I 'm , I 'm intrigued by it , but I 'm not sure I want to go see it yet . Yeah , I do n't think I want to see that either . I know , I do n't think I could . 

I think , uh , well , now , we had some friends that went to see it and they said it was okay . Really . So , it might not be as , I think they may be playing up -- Really . -- um , some aspects of the movie that are n't the main aspects . Uh-huh MUMBLEx . Now , we went to see the JAGGED EDGE . Oh , I liked that movie . Yeah . Yeah . So , it 's , it seems like , you know , that kind of -- Uh-huh . -- the thriller suspense and not , not real , um , strange in other ways . Uh-huh , um . Well , I guess that 's about it . It was nice . Okay . Maybe we 'll talk to you again . Okay , it was nice talking to you . Alright . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 