

Okay . Okay , I thought it was supposed to give a recording , but anyway , uh , well , I do take care of pretty much all of the stuff for , for my wife and for me and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , I , embarrassed to say , it 's pretty trivial . All we , all I do is , uh , keep a list of things like debts that are outstanding and every two or three months update that and every once in a while make a list of what we spent that month , but I doubt I do it more than three times a year . Uh-huh , do -- And , -- you use a computer ? No , I work with them all day , I 'm in computer science , yet I -- Oh . -- I do everything on paper . Uh-huh . Uh , I do n't even use a calculator for the stuff I 'm doing because it 's all pretty round numbers . Yeah , mine is really simple , because I got all our bills paid off when , uh , he was a Marine , he went to Saudi Arabia and while he was gone I got all of our bills paid off , so really the only bills I have is rent , utilities , insurance -- Uh-huh . -- you know , so they come in , I pay them , and that 's it , you know , that 's about -- Yeah that , -- the extent of it , you know . I do n't really have this major budget or anything . I just really , I 'm real thrifty . I take care of , you know , two children and me and -- Uh-huh . -- uh , just real careful with the money , you know . What little we have , so , that 's what I do . Yes , it 's pretty straightforward . It 's almo- , I ca n't imagine having to go into real complicated stuff and making -- No . -- you know , fancy budgets . It seems like if you 're getting to that level , y- , you 're not in real good control . Uh-uh . You know , I mean , I , I , I 've never liked credit cards -- Uh-huh . -- and a lot of debt , you know , you -- Uh-huh . -- buy something on credit and you pay twice as much for it when you get done . Yeah . You know so , Actually , I mean , I like using credit cards for everything , but just paying off the bills -- Uh-huh . -- because that way it 's a record of everything and I do n't have to worry about keeping records of anything else -- I do n't have -- -- because they come in at -- -- too many , -- the end of the month . I do n't have too many weaknesses , but I found out a credit card was one of them . Uh . You know , it 's so much easy , easier , you know , if something 's on sale if you 're a woman and you 're a sale person , it 's like , oh , it 's on sale , let 's go grab it , you know , so , uh , and if you do n't have the money , then use a credit card , so , I got rid of them credit cards . 

Yeah , I guess if that 's -- You know . -- if that 's a weakness , that 's a good thing to do . Yeah , that was my weakness . It was n't bad , I mean , I did n't have like thousands of dollars , you know , and like that , just , I just -- Uh-huh . -- learned that that was n't for me , you know . Sure . So , but I , self-employed , you know , I have my own little cleaning business type thing , so , uh , I keep , Do you find trouble keeping the records for taxes and all that or , No , it 's not hard , 

I just keep it in a notebook and write down what I 've made and , uh , you know , what it 's going to have to go for that month and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , it 's not that , not that hard . Not at all . Well , that 's good to know . So , I always do my own income tax , you know . Yeah . Do you ? I do n't understand the idea of paying somebody to , to do it . Huh ? It seems like it 's absurd the number of people who end up having to pay somebody to do it . R- , all you got to do is read a book , I mean -- I , -- read the little book they send you -- Yeah , 

just the form . -- fill in the blanks -- Yeah . -- and go . I mean , it seems absurd that people will pay , you know , some bucks just to get -- Yeah , and a lot of them . -- someone to , it 's dumb . I guess if you had some really complicated stuff , 

but I do n't , so , I do n't mess with it . Yeah . But , I do n't use a calculator either , you know . I , I do n't , I do n't have that mu , that many , you know , things to add up so , I do n't trust myself with using a calculator or computer , y- , too much stuff like that because I want to make sure that , that I , I keep on top of the numbers and understand what 's going on . I know too many people who use a calculator if they make a mistake , they find out two months later because they were n't paying attention . Oh , yeah . And , And we have a , And it seem , I bank at N C N B here and they have a number that you can call in , and I always call in and , like , once every other week or so and I will , uh , check off what checks have cleared and , Yeah . Do you do that ? We have the same thing . You do too ? Yeah . And I always check them off and , you know , check my balance and my book and , you know , because I always want to know exactly what I have , you know . Sure . I do that real often . I do that , so anyway , 