

Okay , I guess we 're going to discuss food and cooking . Alright . Do you enjoy cooking ? Sometimes , not all the time . I 'm kind of that way , too . When I have , I , I enjoy cooking when I have time . Right . I do n't enjoy preparing three meals a day everyday . Yeah , that , that 's about the same boat I 'm in , too . 

It gets kind of boring . Yeah . How big is the family you cook for ? Uh , five . Uh-huh . We have four , so , and two of them are teenage boys , so . 

Oh , well I 'll be hitting that fairly soon because all of mine are boys , too . So , Are they ? . And they get pretty particular sometimes in -- Yeah . -- what they want to have . Yeah . Yeah , we have that problem too . Huh . But also , now it 's just the amount that they eat . It 's just absolutely incredible . 

Oh yeah , well see , I , m- , my oldest is nine and he already -- Yeah . -- he already does that . Does he ? . 

And I told him -- MUMBLEx . -- he 's going to have to get a part-time job by the time he reaches teenage years -- Yeah . . -- so he can eat . That 's true . Uh , do you have any favorite things that you serve when you are doing a special meal ? Um , Favorite recipes that you 've come across or , 

My husband and I , our favorite meal is , uh , and we do it like for special stuff -- Uh-huh . -- celebrations and , we have like steak and he does the steak and then uh , 

Out on the grill ? Uh-huh . Uh-huh . And he marinates it in his special stuff -- Ooh . -- that he does . And it 's real good . Uh-huh . And , uh , -- How , -- I do sauteed mushrooms , so -- Ooh , yeah . -- and asparagus . And that 's our favorite , Ooh , that 's sound good . dinner . I love that . My husband really likes seafood . Yeah , so do we . 

Um , and , MUMBLEx I think that no matter what I do , I do n't serve enough of it , really , to , uh , to suit him . I did n't grow up eating that much seafood and , uh , so I do n't know , it 's just kind of not natural to me but I like it . Yeah . And , uh , I do n't know , one of his favorite things is , uh , well it 's called seafood stew and it 's really , it 's really like a s- , soup that , that you serve over rice . Uh-huh . And , uh , it has oysters and shrimp and crab in it . And , 

It 's not the one with all the shells and stuff in it , is it ? No , no . That 's kind of Louisiana I think -- I do n't know what that , -- if you do that . Yeah , I do n't see how you eat that , but 

I do n't either . But , uh , no this is just re- , it is really good and , and one thing that 's good is it makes the , a large amount . And so I 've , usually we eat one and I freeze two containers of it . Oh . Then that 's just real quick to get it out and serve it over rice . But neither of my kids will eat it . Yeah . You know , so then -- So it , -- they eat a pizza or . Yeah , it defeats the purpose . Yeah , 

it really does . One thing I 've run across , recently though , a friend gave me a recipe that I really like for chicken enchiladas . Oh yeah . Have you made them ? Yeah . My husband makes those . Does he , ooh . I 'm not , I do n't eat enchiladas . Uh-huh . 

I , I do n't like enchila- , I do n't like the tex- , I do n't know , I guess it 's the texture , or something . I do n't like the taste of enchiladas . Yeah . But everyone else in my family does . Well , are , these are done with a flour tortilla . 

Is that what he uses ? Yeah . Yeah . I do n't know , I , it 's , I do n't know what , I do n't know . I , I do n't know what it is about the enchiladas . I just , and I 'm the only one including my Mom and Dad and my brother . I 'm the only one that -- Is n't that something ? -- does n't eat it . Yeah . But , my kids love it . 

I was going to say , my kids both eat it . I guess that 's one thing that I particularly like , um . But I think it 's good for , you know , for , for company , too , and I 've made it a few times . Um , and you can make a lot at one time -- Uh-huh . -- when I needed to make something to , uh , to give somebody . Yeah . You know , like , you know , to take over to somebody 's house -- Yeah . -- or something else . Yeah , I 've got a chicken casserole that 's like that , that , that I 've , It , it 's nice when it makes , a lot because you can feed your own family and then , Yeah , because I , when I make this chicken casserole I , it , it makes a real big casserole and then another one that I freeze . Uh-huh . So , or I give it to my Mom and Dad if I know we 're not -- What , -- 

-- going to eat , -- what does it have in it ? It 's jus- , you can use chicken or turkey , because -- Uh-huh . 

-- my Mom started making it like right after Thanksgiving -- Sure . -- and using the leftover turkey . Uh-huh . And it 's rice and , MUMBLEx , when I do recipes I just throw stuff in . I do n't , I 'm not real good about measuring -- Yeah . -- because I just , I do it to taste . Uh-huh . Sure . And , 

Sometimes those are the best ones , Well yeah , but it , it 's like , it 's just chicken , it , it 's , as much as you want , you know torn up -- Uh-huh . -- and , and rice and cream of chicken soup -- Uh-huh . -- and some mayonnaise and lemon juice -- Uh-huh . -- and celery and that 's it , and some hard-boiled eggs . Yeah . Ooh , that sounds good . And that 's it . You just mix it all together and pop it in the oven just to , you know , heat it through . Uh-huh . And you sprinkle , uh , that , those , uh , toasted onion rings . Oh , yeah . Those are good are n't they ? . 

On top of it for the crunchy . Uh-huh . And that 's it , you know . Um . And it , it , it goes -- 

That sounds good . -- and it 's filling because of the rice . Right . So , You cook the rice before you put it in ? Uh-huh . Yeah . Yeah . 

I bet the mayonnaise in there makes it really , kind of gives it a -- Yeah , it gives it a , an extra -- -- tang that would be good . -- yeah , little tang . 

I guess I would now use the , the new mayonnaise free . Yeah , that cholesterol fat free ? Yeah . That 's really wonderful that they 're coming out with so many -- Uh-huh . -- new things like that because like I told my husband this summer , I love to eat , you know , chicken salad and tuna salad -- Uh-huh . -- and stuff like that and , and , you know , basically it certainly a l , low calorie , you know , good thing except then you put your mayonnaise in there and spoil the whole thing . I know . You know and now it 's , it 's , it 's okay and you can even , I used to just put a tiny bit in . Well now , I 'm just putting more and more in . I do n't like tuna salad unless it 's got lots of mayonnaise in it . Yeah , and it 's only , it used to be like a hun- , hundred calories per tablespoon 

and now it 's like twelve . Yeah . Oh ! I know . I just think that 's the best thing to have happened , I 'm just so excited about that . Anyway . Yeah , we did the low-cal stuff . Well with my kids I do n't , they get enough sugar and -- Yeah . -- stuff anyway . Mine are bouncing off the walls normally anyway . Yes . And they do n't need any added help . Right . 

So , when we 're here at home , you know , with sweets and stuff , they , they do n't , we do n't really do that much . I do a lot of fruits -- Uh-huh . -- instead of the cakes and the candies and -- Uh-huh . -- you know , stuff like that . And , and drink wise they have Kool-Aid , milk or water . Yeah . Normally . Now when they go to their grandmother 's house , which is every weekend . It 's a , it 's a different -- That 's when they , -- a different story all around . 

As our family would say , a pig out . Uh-huh . That 's good . That 's exactly what it is . Oh , one of my boys that , that 's , twelve , um , is , has high cholesterol . 

Oh really ? Have you ever found out -- No , -- -- about your kids . -- not yet . Um , and my other one does not . Huh . So , oh , year or so ago he found out and he went on a fairly strict diet to try to get it down . And did ! He was able to get it down . It 's , I think it 's mostly hereditary because we really have never eaten high -- Yeah . -- things in cholesterol . He 's never eaten any eggs . He 's never had anything but skim milk and you know , I 've never bought butter -- Huh . -- and things like that . But , um , oh , he just left for the doctor again and it 's , it 's kind of back up . Um , so he needs to be careful again . Yeah . So we 've really been talking about the foods , you know , for him to , to be sure to eat -- The lower cholesterol foods and stuff . -- and , uh , so he 's eating an apple a day for the last two days . And all that kind of stuff does really help . Well , I think we 've probably talked long enough and . 