

Okay , do you subscribe to magazines yourself ? I do n't , uh , subscribe to any magazines at home , because we get so many at work that , uh , I need to read that , uh , I just do n't take any at home . Oh , I see . I get , uh , MCCALL 'S . Of course , anything that appeals to the homemaker since that 's my main line of interest . Uh-huh . 

And then once in a while I 'll pick up a WORKING WOMAN or something and -- Uh-huh . -- realize why I do n't want to re- , go back to work . What I enjoy about staying home . Right . And , uh , I read magazines mainly because they 're fast and if I want to relax while I watch T V , of course , I 'm one of those that does two things at once , and , uh , I read GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and BETTER HOMES and MCCALL 'S . And I like them because they 're kind of short and to the subject . Right . I u , I used to take MCCALL 'S and GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and , uh , several magazines like that a few years ago at , at , at home . Uh-huh . And then you stopped them all . But , yeah , the subscriptions ran out and I never renewed them . And I found that I really did n't have time at home since I work , to read them . I find that , uh , about two years is probably my max -- Uh-huh . -- on subscribing to one in particular and then I kind of get turned off by it . Uh-huh . Other than GOOD HOUSEKEEPING . GOOD HOUSEKEEPING is the one that kind of sets around for when , uh , when I 'm really have time and I really want to read something , you know . Uh-huh . I do n't get into books too often because I have so many things that I stay occupied with -- Uh-huh . -- uh , on a general basis , and we travel a lot so I enjoy reading parts on travel in the various -- Uh-huh . -- you know , different ones . Right . And I get into , uh , newspapers , so I guess that kind of tells you what kind of person I am . 

I 'm , re- , read it fast and put it down . Right . Uh-huh . When , when I had my magazines at home , I would find that I kind of skimmed through them and looked at the pictures , you know , and -- Right . -- if something caught my eye , then I might read something , but otherwise than that , you know , they were , uh , you know , not too useful to me . You know -- Well , -- I got some good recipes from them sometimes , but , That 's what I do . You clip recipes and you save them forever and you never really -- Uh-huh . -- use them . That 's right , that 's right . And then every so often you weed through them and you think , where did I ever put that recipe . Right . But , uh , that 's mainly my , uh , whole idea on -- Uh-huh . -- you know , short subject , uh , reading and things like this . 

I , I subscribe , like I said , to a few and once in a while I buy that new magazine called FIRST on the newsstands -- Uh-huh . -- or something like that . But I kind of stay with my own subject matter what , uh , pertains to my daily life -- Right . -- at the present time . 

Well , since I work with computers during my work , I have to keep up on all the new computer equipment and software and everything . And I have to read the magazines , you know , such as BYTE , and COMPUTER WORLD and MAC WORLD and all of these , , uh , magazines such as that , so I really , you know , just , I can see that it will be a very long time , probably , before I subscribe to any magazines at home . Right . Well , sometimes , if , you know , if you 're in transportation , in public transportation -- Uh-huh . -- I know that people will read them on something like that . Right . 

But I think , and the idea is to , is and good , I can just dump them at the other end , and I do n't have to carry them back with me . 

That 's right . I do that when we travel . I always have my head with a magazine somewhere as we -- Uh-huh . -- drive or wherever we , no matter what it is , air travel or anything and I , Uh-huh . Right . If I , if I go on an airplane ride or something , I 'll stop in and pick up a , you know , a COSMOPOLITAN or something -- Right , al- , although now , 

-- to read on the airplane . But , uh , you know , that 's basically just about , I 'll buy a crossword puzzle magazine every now and then . That 's when you really have time . Now see your computer ones , I got into computer work somewhat , uh , we have our own computer system at home -- Uh-huh . -- and I tried , uh , reading the magazines hoping I would get more from it and it was just above my head without having someone there to give me the advice as I went along . Uh-huh . It was , you know , kind of a little bit more than what I needed , so I never did get into them . 

I , when I bought the computer , all of a sudden I was receiving them , for some unknown reason , through the mail . I think they all that- , thought , well , we have a live one . She 'll subscribe . Uh-huh . But they were wrong . I never got into them . But , but , Right . Okay ? All right , I guess we might as well end our conversation at this point . Okay . It was nice talking with you . It was nice to talk with you , too . Okay . Thank you . Uh-huh . Bye , now . Bye-bye . 