

What are your m- , music interests ? Uh , just about any kind of music except acid rock ,  I , I do n't care , 

Me , too . for acid rock , Oh . but , uh , I grew up with country and western , Yeah , I did , too , 

but , uh , and then , just about any kind of music . I even like classical music . Yeah , uh , I 'm pretty diversified , too . I , I do n't , I do n't like acid rock either . I , I grew up in a small town so , uh , the only , we only had one radio station so it was country music , Yeah . but then , uh , when I , Yeah , 

I grew up with Hank Snow , and Lefty Frizzell and Hank Williams and all of those old country and western songs . Oh , really . You 're older than I am . But , uh , I , 

did you happen to see last night the special on Channel Two with James Galway ? We do n't get Channel Two . My , Oh . uh , our cable does n't , I wish we got that what , but , That is fabulous . Was it ? Well , We , we do n't get Channel Two . Yeah , when he played DANNY BOY it just almost brought ,  tears to your eyes , because he can make that flute sing . 

Oh , really ? Yeah , and , uh , it was tremendous . Now , he , he is a , uh , actually , I did , I played flute for , Yeah . almost ten years and , and , uh , so , I , I , I appreciate his too , Yeah . his , his mus- , he , he , he 's from Ireland is n't he ? Yeah , uh-huh , and it was , uh , mostly all Irish tunes , 

Was i- , yeah . they had a band with him that , uh , had a harpist and another flute and then a guy that played the bagpipes plus the , uh , tin whistle , Yeah . and a couple of violins and , uh , drum , Uh-huh . and they , they played all the Irish jigs and so forth , it was just fabulous . Yeah , I , he , he is really good . Yeah , I , I , I come from a musical background , Yeah . so , uh , uh , I 've played fl- , flute , flute and piano , so , Yeah . I , I , I have a b , big appreciation for music , Yeah . 

up to a point . I , I 'm getting now to the age where I do n't like the new stuff that 's coming an- , Yeah . and much of the new stuff that 's coming out , Yeah . my husband says I 'm getting old . Yeah I love , uh , I , li , I especially like instrumentals . Do you ? Yeah . 

I love to just lay back on the couch and , and turn a good , good instrumental on and just close my eyes and listen . Yeah , that 's , that 's nice to do , that is . I 've got a , I 've got a , I 've got a two year old who 's now getting , I 'm getting well versed in , in kiddy music . Yeah . I 'm , I 've never played an instrument in my life , 

I 've always wanted too , Yeah . I 've always wished my parents had forced me to learn the piano or something , Yeah but , uh , I was one of the forced ones . but I , I 'd just love to be able to go to a party or something and sit down at the piano and bang out music -- Oh , I could never do that . -- and , I was never that brave but , uh , yeah . I guess the closest I 've ever come to participating in music is singing in the choir . Yeah , oh , yeah , I 've , I 've done , I 've done that at church too . Yeah . I have n't done that in a long time . Yeah . So , let 's see what els- , . Well , what kind of music do you not like ? Well , like I say the acid rock , I just do not ca , an I do n't care for rap music either . Oh , go- , that 's not music , Uh-huh , no . that is not , I do n't know what that is , but that 's not music . If I ca n't understand the words I do n't want to listen to it . Well , it 's , it 's , it 's not , it 's not music , it 's just , it 's just , uh , uh , talking in a beat , it is just , Yeah . it 's not exciting at all it does n't , Yeah . it does n't give you relaxation , you ca n't dance to it , you ca n't do anything to it . Right . But , Yeah . 

I , and I love , I like orchestra music too . Like the , D- , Boston Pops or , Yeah . or anything . Have you ever been to the , to , to the Dallas Symphony ? Uh-huh . Have you ? Is i- , are , Yeah . are they good ? Yeah , 

they 're good . Are they ? I , I have , I have , And , uh , never been . 

we went and saw , uh , L- , L- , LES MISERABLES -- Oh , really ? -- oh , the music in that was fantastic . I , I 've heard , I 've heard that that is a really , Yeah . I heard that was hard to get tickets to . Yeah , it , it , uh , I ca n't remember how far in advance we reserved , MUMBLEx . tickets but it was out , you know , out at the State Fair Music Hall and , uh -- Yeah . Yeah , 

that was a real , -- it was well worth the price . Was it ? Yeah , 

I , I bet it was , Yeah . I , I really bet it was . Is that the only , uh , musical , do you go see a lot of musicals ? Just , just ever so often -- Yeah . -- you know , a real , a real good one like that one and , 

That , that would be , that would be nice . I went and saw , uh , I think it was , uh , SUGAR BABIES , that was good , that had good music in it . Was it ? How , how , I ca n't , I do n't know what that 's about . Uh , that was the one with Mickey Rooney and , uh , oh , what 's that real , oh , not real old , my wife she is old too ,  dancer , uh , I ca n't think of her name . I got it right on the tip of my tongue and ca n't say it , Helen something . Uh , uh , uh , I think I know who you 're ta , oh , I know who you 're talking about , real long legs , she 's got black hair , and dark hair . Yeah , okay , 

I know who you 're talking about . I ca n't think ever her name either . I ca n't think of it . Yeah , that wa , that was , that was , 

I remember that being , uh , here a few years ago . Yeah ,  but , uh , Oh , oh , the last country music , my , my parents still , uh , really like country , Yeah . music and they , they like , uh , they like the Oak Ridge Boys and the Statler Brothers , Oh , yeah , yeah . and , and , uh , well , my , my , my , The Blackwoods . my parents , yeah , my husband likes , uh , country music real well and he , he likes some of the new groups like Shenandoah , Yeah . and , yeah , he really likes Shenandoah . Alabama . Yeah , yeah , well , yeah , Alabama , Uh , I think , I think they 're a bit over exposed . Yeah I get kind , MUMBLEx . of tire , get tir , tired of every other song being Alabama on the , Yeah , radio . either Alabama or Hank Williams , Junior . Oh , I , I 've never cared for Hank , I never have either , 

Williams , Junior . and I never have figured out how he won , uh , entertainer of the year for about , Oh . three or four years in a row . Oh , we , we watch those award shows too , we enjoy watching the country and the Grammies and stuff but I just , I just do n't care for him , Yeah . I just never have . I do n't , I guess probably my favorite all time country and western song or singer is , uh , probably Eddy Arnold . Is , is it ? Uh-huh . Okay , I , I think , I , I know who that is , uh-huh . I think my parents have have , uh , some of his records . But , uh , Yeah . I got a , I 've got about a hundred and , or had a , uh , some , uh , I sold some of them , I had about a hundred and fifty old seventy-eight R P M records of country and western , Wow . songs , 

Smiley Burnette , I do n't know if you were old enough to remember him him . I 've heard the name . He was , uh , played in the old western movies . 

He was the sidekick of Gene Autry I believe -- Huh . -- or they , I think his name in , in the movie was Froggy and , I 've , I 've never seen a Gene Autry movie , had a real raspy voice , Huh . and , uh , No , I never have . 

some of those old ones , of course , Bob Wills , Miss Texas Playboys -- Yeah . -- Ernest Tubbs and Red Foley an , Yeah , those go back quite a way . Yeah . I took them up here to Collectors Rector- , Records and was able to get a little money for them -- Yeah . -- but , uh , It 's hard to , my m- , mother and dad use to , uh , own a restaurant , Oh , yeah . and he had , uh , they had a , uh , nickelodeon , of course , in the restaurant , Yeah . and when they would come and change the records the guys would , the guy would give her the old records -- Well , that wou , that 's neat . -- so , that 's where I got my , 

that would be gr , great if they were n't too worn out , Yeah . at the time . Of course , there 's not a whole lot of market for seventy-eight R P M records . Is there not ? You , you 'd , well you 'd think there would be . Well , the problem is most of the record players now will not play them because , Well , that 's true . you have to have that needle , that , uh , particular kind of needle -- Oh , yeah . -- and , uh , they ,  just wo n't play on a modern day , uh -- Well , that 's a shame -- -- phonograph . -- because I , I , we go to antique stores a lot and you see seventy-eights , Yeah . a , a lot at , at the stores , a- , a- , at record stores , you 'd , Yeah . think there 'd be a market for , I 'm , I 'm sure you could find old players for them but that would cost a fortune , Yeah . if you could find them that worked . Yeah . Oh . 

Of course , they , you know , just do n't have the quality of records nowadays either because , No . you , you get that scratchy sound . Uh-huh . Well , those things were big and thick were n't they ? Yeah , yeah . You could kill somebody with them . Yeah , th- , warped real easy . And the ones you buy , go out and buy one now and they 're just so thin and , Yeah . flimsy and they just , they 're not meant to last , Yeah . 

at all , ne- , neither are tapes . I , I bu , we buy cassette tapes , Yeah . and machines will eat them , Yeah . and so , the best bet , any , anymo- , these days are compact disk , those things are practically indestructible . But , I , I guess , you know , the old country and western music you , 

back then when I was a kid , there was n't that much T V , Oh , no . so that 's all you had to listen to was the , Radio . radio , and , uh , 

Tha- , that 's just what , just what you had , we- , plus , Yeah . I think it was better back then to , th- , there 's too much T V now -- Yeah . -- and the radio is , you know , more exciting , Yeah . really , than , than television , kep- , your imagination -- Yeah . -- i- , i- , kept and yo- , it just did n't vegetate your mind like television does . Yeah , I remember mother and dad always turned on the Grand Ole Opera . 

Oh , yeah . Yeah . Was it on the radio every week ? Yeah . Wha , what day , what day was that on , do you , ha- , can you recall . Uh , uh , seems like it was on a Friday , Uh . Friday or , 