

Okay , I guess our topic is , um , advice about going to college . Uh-huh . Do you have children of your own ? Oh , no , I do n't have any children , but I 'm still going to college . Oh , are you ? Uh-huh . What school are you going to ? N C State . Oh . Are you enjoying it ? Um , well , it 's a lot of work . Are you working on your , um -- My Bachelor 's . -- Bachelor 's degree ? Uh-huh . And what field of study are you in ? Um , it 's actually in computer science -- Uh-huh . -- and I have a special interest in Voice I O . 

Oh , well , that 's neat . Are you from North Carolina ? No , I 'm actually from Amarillo , Texas , originally . Oh , are you really ? Uh-huh . Oh . Well , what took you to North Carolina ? 

Oh , um , the service . Oh , I see . Yeah . Well , that was one of the things I was thinking about in school , um , I went to Texas Tech out in Lubbock -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I had a friend , my roommate went to Tech also , but she was from New Mexico -- Uh-huh . -- and she had to pay out of state tuition -- Ooh . -- and I think that would have , uh , played a real big part of my decision -- 

It would have played a major part in mine . -- yeah , because , um , she was pay , of course back then it was so much cheaper than it is now . It was like four dollars a semester hour -- Uh-huh . -- and so I was going to school for , you know , just a few hundred dollars a semester , and she was paying forty dollars an hour -- Golly , -- so she paid ten times as much because she was out of state . Yeah , luckily I 've paid in state tuition the whole time . 

Oh , that 's good . Yeah , so I think that would be one thing I would definitely consider -- Uh-huh , um , -- try to find a school within the state that , um , I liked well enough to attend . Uh-huh . The second thing is some colleges only offer the , uh , liberal arts -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , whereas like State , they offer engineering courses -- Right , yeah . -- so depending on what your major is , or medical , you might want to atteck , some , um , attend somewhere like Tech -- Yeah , right . -- and , um , aside from the , uh , well some schools may even give you financial aid , where another one wo n't . Yeah , 

that 's true , that was something else I had , was , I had government aid , of course , but , uh , it was wonderful , because I got one of those grants that you do n't have to repay -- Oh , really . 

-- and , yeah , it was so nice -- Um . -- it paid most of my tuition , and , um , a lot of the book costs and that kind of thing so . Wow , that 's great . Yeah , 

I really , Was it a Pell grant ? I 'm sorry , what did you say ? 

What kind of grant was it ? Well , it was called a B E O G , a Basic Equal Opportunity Grant -- Uh-huh . -- and it was from the government , and it was based , at first it was based on my parents ' income . My parents had five children and really did n't make enough money to send any of us to school . Uh-huh . And so , uh , because based on the number of children and the amount of money , uh , my father brought in , I got a small grant -- Uh-huh . -- but then after that , I was on my own , working and , you know , trying to go to school on my own . So then I got a real big grant , because the -- Wow . -- amount of money I was making really did n't compare . Uh-huh . So , it was kind of nice . Um . I do n't know if those are still available or not , but , Uh , I 'm not quite , there 's , there 's a lot of different organizations who , uh , who do give grants , but , uh , I 'm not exactly sure which ones they are and how much , they , you know , they generally run . Yeah , yeah , this was great , it was just based on , you know , how much your tuition costs and everything , 

and generally it paid everything , so -- Uh-huh . -- I went to school about three years of my four for almost nothing , so that was , Golly , that 's great . Yeah , it was really nice . Oh , another thing . I 've got a , I 've got a degree from another college -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , something that might play a part is the size of the college . Right . 

Uh , MUMBLEx the smaller schools can give you a lot , uh , a lot more specialized instruction -- Uh-huh . -- and attention than the larger schools -- Yeah . -- in the larger schools you get caught up in the bureaucracy , and -- Uh-huh . -- and they just give you a teacher 's assistants , you know -- Uh-huh . -- instead of a scholar you get a T A -- That 's right . -- and , uh , you do n't get near the , uh , quality of education , and as well , the , uh , smaller schools often times do n't cost as much . Um , I did n't know that . Oh , yeah . 

Um . Well , I guess the only comparison I had ever heard was between a , a Christian college , because I thought about attending Abilene Christian -- Uh-huh . -- instead of Texas Tech -- Uh-huh . -- and of course the price was just astronomical compared to Tech -- Um . -- the Christian college was so much more expensive . But I guess some of the other smaller colleges might , might be a lot different . Um . Oh , I , at State , I think it 's just a waste of somebody 's money to go there -- Really ? -- it 's really a shame because of , you know , the instruction -- Yeah . -- um , I 'd rather go to any other college , you know , in the state , and I would definitely get my money 's worth , uh , much better than State . Yeah , huh . It 's kind of unfortunate , because they 've , they 've just grown so big that they just do n't care about the students any more . Yeah , yeah , you 're just a number . Yeah , they 're , they 're bent on , uh , seeing how much land , how much more land they can get , and how much , uh , how much of the campus they can build up -- Right . -- and , uh -- Yeah . -- yeah , it 's really a bad situation here . Oh , that 's a shame . Well , I , I felt a little cheated at Tech , also . Once I got into my , I , um , majored in , 