

Okay , have you painted something lately ? Yes , I have . 

That room I showed you . Yeah . And then since then we have painted the bedroom . Oh yeah , 

another bedroom . Yeah , I showed you that one too did n't I ? The brown one . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , the one that looks like a fudgesicle . Oh yeah Yeah . 

Oh heavens . Well , I painted the outside of my house -- Yeah . -- and one bathroom . But I get , I have that problem with the the ceiling , you know , the , uh , the blown , blown , ceiling . Oh yeah . You know where you get around the edge . Well , that is hard . 

Now , I asked Janice , or somebody recently how you do that -- Uh-huh . -- uh , when you paint the ceilings -- Uh-huh . -- you know where you have got that textured stuff , that they have special rollers that are real soft and furry that you paint that with . 

Well , how do you get the edge though ? How do you get the edge ? The the straight edge ? You just have to be real careful . Oh , I see . We use , uh , uh , a two inch brush with , uh , on a slant -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- and that mostly does it even though you still make mistakes . But . Huh . Well are you going to paint the outside of your house too ? Well , yeah . I think I am going to do it this spring actually . Oh really ? Yeah , there are six houses . See the people that own the house they , uh , pay for anything like that , that we do . Oh nice . As far as the the materials . There are three houses on this street the same color of yellow out of six houses . Yeah . So , I am thinking I am going to change it to , uh , something , you know , the brick is multi color . Uh-huh . Mostly earth tones . Oh , that will be nice . Huh . Or , two tone , or two tone . Yeah . You know . There are some columns that could be painted a different color too . Uh-huh . 

What color did you paint your house ? White . On the out , But , I have a problem . I ca n't get up high and we ca n't paint the chimney . Well , you have got to get one of those ladders . We have one of those ladders . We are just not willing to get up that high . 

Oh , yeah .  A friend of mine that lives out in your neighborhood , he has done his house and that is what he , I was out there last week and he has finished everything except the chimney . Well , we did too . We did it in the fall and it , it 's just too high . It is really scary , but -- Yeah . -- and the only thing I would consider doing , a professional , maybe doing that , but it other than doing our own work I prefer it to a professional . 

Well , our house in New Mexico , it was stucco , but we had all this trim to paint , and lots of it . Yeah . And we did basically seventy-five percent of the house and then I was afraid to do the eaves way up high and stuff . Uh-huh . So , I hired this man to come in and do it . A young kid . Uh-huh . And he came with , with his own raf- , what do you call those things ? The blowers ? No , those where you built like a rafter thing . Oh , oh , oh , oh , I know what you are talking about . Uh -- Yeah . Scaffold . -- scaffold . That 's it . He came and did it that way and I think he charged me a hundred dollars to finish up . Huh . And literally I would n't have done it with the scaffolds because -- Its , -- all the places that I had left for him were above huge humongous cactus -- Yeah . -- and if he fell , he was dead and he knew that . So , Oh , my . 

So that was worth it getting a professional -- Yeah . -- for that . Plus , he cleaned up my mess . Oh , I think that is what we might have to do with this chimney , but other than that , it was pretty easy doing it ourself and caulking it and everything ourself . Uh-huh . It was n't too bad . I mean you think , 

How much did it cost you for the paint for the outside ? Shoot , maybe a hundred and fifty . Yeah . Since , it is a one story , but we did , uh , like two heavy coats over it . But then that way -- Yeah . -- you know you are assured you did a good job than you are , you know , if you hire someone to do it . But , that friend of mine that painted his house out there in your neighborhood -- Uh-huh . Uh-huh . 

-- he went to , uh , MUMBLEx I guess to buy his paint -- Uh-huh . -- and yet he bought like seventeen gallons . My word . And , anyway , he , when he checked out -- Uh-huh . -- and he was using his MUMBLEx charge card too . Uh-huh . They only charged him for one gallon of paint . Like thirteen bucks or something . Oh , my word . And he had , he had , the , uh , he had already carried a ladder outside -- Uh-huh . -- and told her that and she wrung all that stuff up and made a mistake on the price of the paint -- Uh-huh . -- so she had to start all over again -- Uh-huh . -- and when he got outside , he noticed his receipt was like thirteen ninety-nine or something . Oh , my word . And he saw MUMBLEx . So that was really worth it . Painting his own house . Yeah , it was like over two hundred dollars worth of free stuff . Oh , my word .  Oh , my word . Well , he really saved in that way . Yeah . But , yeah , 

I think we are going to do , uh , another bathroom , but I think I will probably just do it , in a roller . I want to do it about the same color . And just be a little , Uh . Rollers are so messy . We never MUMBLEx any more . Oh , I know . But it 's that , it 's the textured wall . Well , a little paintbrush , 