

I 'm Nevin from Sunnyvale , California . Hi , this is Jim Bliss from Minneapolis , Minnesota . How you doing ? Pretty good . Good . Uh , I guess the topic is trial by jury and -- Yep . -- how we should change that or how we would change it . Uh , I 'm ready whenever you are . Okay . So , uh , what are your , what are your thoughts on the subject there ? 

Well I definitely think , like decisions have to be unanimous . Yeah . Yeah , I think that 's probably a good thing . It 's probably the safest thing . Yeah . I mean , it 's to easy to get a quorum -- Yep . -- and simple majority wo n't do . No . 

And even like , you know , two-thirds majority , I mean , it 's , Yeah , that 's , yeah , quorums are to easy to get . Yep . And there 's always that , that chance that one or two people could be playing devil 's advocate for a good reason , you know . So it 's , it 's -- -- definitely but , uh , I do n't know . I could , I could n't believe they suggested that judges should be doing the sentencing . Yeah . Like Gives them a little too much power . Yeah . Tha- , 

I , I know of a couple of people at least who would be arguing with that . Or arguing against that pretty vehemently . But , uh , Plus , you know , you may be , you know , doing , you know , a , a guilty verdict but it may not be , you know , it may be for technical reasons . Yeah . 

About the only good thing I would say about that is it w- , that it would , uh , hurry the process up a bit -- Yeah . -- but I mean even now we 've got , I know we 've got plenty of cases out there where people have been wrongly convicted and things like that and -- I know MUMBLEx . -- that 's what the trial by jury . 

I mean , jeez if , if the judge was doing it himself , without any checks and balances -- Yeah . -- whose to say . It , there would be much more of that . Yeah no doubt . 

Are you involved in the legal system at all ? No . But I . Okay . I tend to follow it just to , just to know what 's going on . Yeah , yeah . I 've got some friends that are lawyers so . Yeah , 

I do too so . One of them just got his law degree . But , uh , to tell you the truth , I 'm not real familiar with , uh , the system of juris- , jurisprudence the way it is right now . No . I really have n't studied it in depth . Yeah . I know a little more about civil cases when , than criminal cases . Yeah . Which is , it 's more in how you present it versus , you know , who 's right . I 'm sure of it . Because a lot of those things , it 's all , it 's in , it 's largely a matter of viewpoint . Yep . 

And who can argue their case better . Uh , it 's kind of weird . I do n't know , you I always think about watching the PEOPLE 'S COURT or something . And how weird those cases get . It 's just , Yeah . 

-- like , you know , you go say okay , we ca n't bring up this point because then they 're going to , you know , the opposition will say this , this and this and , Uh-huh . And it 's like , boy , the stuff that they can twist around -- Yep . -- is , it 's pretty amazing . And it 's like the , the truth is n't really important anymore . It 's , Yeah , it 's not . And then you get people who , who bring in cases just because they want to bring them up just because . Yep . Like this , this friend of mine 's pretty obnoxious and he really gets into suing people . And so he 'll , he 'll sue just about anybody just for the chance to get into court , and argue his case you know , but , It is . It 's , it 's wasting people 's time and the taxpayers ' money and everything else . But , uh , Yeah but it 's for the more general , people do n't want to take responsibility . Yeah . 

You know , it 's , And , and most of the time they 're looking to place blame . Uh -- Yep . -- and stuff . See , you 're from California , is that right ? Uh , yeah . Well originally from Chicago but , Oh , okay . I was just thinking I wonder , I wonder how , how the civil system or the court system must differ between there and say where I am in Minneapolis . MUMBLEx I really , From what I understand , it 's all pretty the same except when you get to Louisiana . And Louisiana is completely different cause it was based on the , what is it , it 's based on common law and -- -- the rest of the country is not or something like that . Yeah . Pretty strange . But , uh , fortunately I never have had to go in -- Yeah , I have n't either other than , -- even , even for jury duty . But , uh , that friend of mine 's telling me that I might have to go in for , uh , as a witness . 

He may subpoena me . So we 'll see what happens . But , uh , I 'm not really sure how we could change the legal system to make it better . MUMBLEx . Yeah . It 's , there are too many big problems , you know . There 's , there 's such a backlog of court cases right now . I know . 

You know , to try to get them all in in a good time and we already have too many lawyers as it is . Yeah . And if it 's criminal cases we , you ca n't put them in jail because there 's no room left . Yeah . Yeah , that 's true . And , in fact , they 're even letting some go . Yeah . I , I , I 'm originally from Florida and it 's like -- Huh . -- it seems like every year they let out more and more just cause they do n't have room for them , you know . That 's not a , that 's not a good solution either . 

Not at all . I 'm not real sure what the , 