

Okay , Jay , where do you live in Texas ? I live in Dallas , In Dallas . 

uh , right at the intersection of the busiest highway in the state . And a , uh , it goes east and west , and a north south tollway . What 's that , the I Thirty and Central -- It 's , no , it 's -- -- express ? -- called Six Thirty-Five 's the highway . Okay , yeah . It 's the looper that goes around the city -- Right . 

-- and then , uh , the tollway is called the Dallas North Tollway . Yeah . Just moved here about , uh , oh , uh , one , about a month ago -- Oh , is that right ? -- after twenty-one years , two miles to the east . Oh , how about that ? So , it 's a very different house from the typical Dallas , uh , It 's a -- house . -- new home ? It 's about eight years old , About eight years . it 's , uh , it 's a duplex type thing . Oh . Uh , very modern and , uh , very open and airy -- Uh-huh . -- light . So it 's different than the , than the long Texas ramblers . Right , uh-huh . Uh-huh . 

Well we -- What 's your house like ? -- we live in a brick story and a half , uh , Cape Cod style , I guess you 'd -- 

Oh , great , yeah . -- call it . And , uh , have a big sun room on the back of it . So it 's got a lot of o- , openness and light , also ? No , Oh , it does n't ? 

it does n't have . Well , that 's what my wife really wanted and so , uh , With openness and light ? Yeah that 's , I understand that , I would love that too . Uh , our , our last house was n't too bad , but it was just too traditional , Uh-huh . and so , if , uh , Yeah , this is very traditional . the n , the next time , uh , probably a year and a half from now , we 're going to try to build . Oh , uh-huh . 

So make one really , uh , contemporary and , and very modern and very open and very light . Uh-huh . Do you have children at home ? No , I have three in college . Three ? 

Oh , boy . They , they usually , get back for the , at least two of them for the summer , so , You still need -- But , -- space , plenty of space . Still need a little bit of space . We , we have a lot less than we had , Uh-huh . 

uh , recently . Huh . Already cut back . Uh-huh . Well , How big is your place ? It 's , uh , oh , about twenty-five thousand , twenty-five hundred square feet , Oh -- I guess . -- that 's good size . It 's four bedrooms and two baths and that , Yeah . We , It -- we had , -- has one wing built on that 's a kitchen family room , and then the big room on the back . Uh , Yeah , we had four bedrooms , two and a half baths , uh , in the place we just left . Uh-huh . So down , now we 're down to , two and two . 

Two and two , uh-huh . Uh-huh . So it wo n't be terribly wonderful when the kids are home , but it wo n't be that long , because we , not for sure , you know , how long they 're going to stay or whatever . Right , uh-huh . So , I was just reading an article , uh , that there were nineteen thousand properties available in Texas , uh , for sale by the Reso- , Resolution Trust Com- , Corporation ? 

Oh , yes . Repossessed . Yes , and if you get in the , if , if you can find one in the right area you can really -- I , -- pick up a steal . 

I guess so . Uh , we , we really did n't go that route and did n't look . Uh , but , uh , the planning of them and the , the housing market probably still going to even go lower . There are many , many houses ju- , for sale just by the regular route . Uh-huh . So , uh , That 's discouraging if you own property . Yeah . And we just decided , uh , uh , sell . And we got , we got a pretty good price , uh , for , for what we had . Uh , not as good as it would have been -- Few years . -- say three or four -- Uh-huh . 

-- years ago . But that , uh , that was just the timing . Right . Well our daughter and son-in-law moved up , back up here . He 's from Texas , but course she 's from here , uh , about a year and a half ago , Uh-huh . and had their house on the market down there , and they never did sell it . So they stayed six months , and she got her job back , and -- Oh . -- he got a job down there . Because , Yeah , 

they 're not moving very well . Huh-uh . For sure . Nope . And that 's a good , uh , example of it . They live in Rowlett . Oh , yeah . I know where that is . I 've been , we 've been here for twenty-five years . Have you ? I 'm from Missouri , and my wife 's from Kansas , so -- Uh-huh . -- I te , I teach at a college here . So it 's , uh , it 's sort of home now . Uh-huh . So , What college are you teaching at ? I 'm at , uh , one of the Brook- , uh , it 's called Brookhaven College . It 's one of the community colleges . Oh . And it 's just about two miles to the west of -- Uh-huh . -- where I 'm living . So it 's very nice , The only one I know -- very convenient . -- is Richardson . Yeah . Now Richland College is out , it serves Richardson and , uh , Garland . Garland , uh-huh . And that 's about nine miles to the east -- Yeah . -- of here . So , uh , anyway , well , it 's good to hear from you . Well I enjoyed -- And I hope we , -- talking to you . hope we did them some -- I hope so . -- good , uh , on their little computer -- Right . -- dealy . And , uh , have a good life , the rest of it . Okay , thank you , same to you . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 