

Well , we 've talked a little bit about the Plano school system . Um , I , I really have been pleased with Plano . I have a child who , uh , my son is learning disabled , Uh-huh . and , uh , I thank God every day that I have the resources that we have tapped into . Now , is he the elementary school ? He 's in elementary school . Uh-huh . And he 's not severely learning disabled . Uh-huh . I mean , you know , he just , But he is being helped . He 's being helped . He , he was in resource from second grade till fourth grade in math , Uh-huh . and they recently released him from , Oh , great . resource , which I 'm , I was thrilled , I really was . I , I just thought that was so neat , that they got him over that hump . And , um , he 's in the Herman Method of Reading . I do n't know if you 're , No , that 's something new to me . I 'm , familiar with that . It is something new , and basically what they do is they start right from the beginning relearning the sounds of letters . Oh . Um , I think I read about that in the paper . 

It 's wonderful . Doctor Haggard is , is heading that up . Yes , and it 's wonderful . He did n't have a problem with reading . 

As a matter of fact , he 's reading on level . The problem was his spelling . And , Uh-huh . you know , in , in watching the way he has struggled , it 's interesting , because I 'm convinced I have the same learning disability , or had , Oh . that was ignored . And , Right , 

so you worked , you learned how to solve your problems on your own . That 's right . And , and so it 's , you know , it 's not an intelligence problem . It 's just a problem with learning . Has , has he had this since kindergarten , 

or is this something that maybe learning phonetics , and then he just did n't learn the right way ? Well , you know , it 's funny . 

When , um , when he was in first grade , he had trouble with , with spelling , Uh-huh . and I would say to the teacher , you know , it 's amazing . He will be able to , you 'll say to him , spell cat , and , you know , he 'll say C A T , and then he would go to write it , and he would write C O T . Okay . And I kept saying to the teacher , something is wrong here . Something is wrong here . You 're right , right . And the teacher kept saying , oh , he has a May birthday . He 's just immature . Right . Well , second grade it was , I will , these teachers as far as I 'm concerned are absolute saints , because in second grade , it was about the second week of school , I went up there , 

and I , I requested a conference and , Good , good , because all year long they kept telling me I was crazy . that 's great for parents to be involved . 

Well , I was , and I , and I went up there the second week of school and I said , you know , something is wrong , and thank God the li- , the head teacher , the team leader , was a special education major . Oh , how great . It was , it was and , 

So she , she was able to zero in . She had picked it up , yep , Oh . she had already picked it up . And she said , you know , we , we were going to call you if you had n't called us . We think there 's a learning disability and we think he needs to be tested immediately , because , you know , once the first report card comes in , they , Huh . have all these people being tested , and she said , I think we can get him real fast . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And sure enough , they tested him and , you know , he qualified for , for the help , and it 's been great , and I , and I thank God I 'm here , because I , I know I have a sister who has the other extreme . She has a , a child in Connecticut who is extremely gifted , and because of the cutbacks in the economy -- Right . -- they have nothing for her . Oh , no . And , and to me that 's the same thing . It 's , it 's like having a child who has a learning disability that 's being ignored , Uh-huh , uh-huh . this poor gifted child is being ignored . Right , 

but that 's something that parents , I think , are able to help the gifted child in the home more than they could help the learning disabled child . That 's true . So , because , That 's true . that 's something you can do by just enrichment types of things in the home -- Uh-huh . -- but learning disability , unless you are schooled in the types of things and ways to help a child like that , then it makes it real difficult -- Uh-huh . -- and this is , this to me is the benefit I see in public schools -- Yes . -- is that , that , uh , you do have government money to fund , Right . the kinds of programs -- Right . -- that these students need , and I 'm not sure that the private schools or parochial schools address that problem , they test kids before they take them , Exactly , and , and if they 're a behavior problem , they 're out . They do n't take them , that 's right . That , and , and , Right . uh , this is kind of a rejection type of thing , Uh-huh . and , and we get it even at our level in , in , I work a nine ten school , and we get students that come in that have been kicked out of the , uh , parochial and pub , and , uh , private schools -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , they come in and their attitude is , `` I 'm a bad boy , '' and proceed to prove it . Really , really . So I , I really hate that for them . I , I , Yeah . would rather they not have that attitude , but that 's , Well , when comparing test scores , I know recently I was in a discussion 

and they were comparing test scores between private schools and public schools , Right . and that was one of the points that I made , is that you 're not comparing apples to apples . That 's right . 

You know , you ca n't say , um , you know , I know Steven probably would not be accepted because he has a learning disability and , Uh-huh . into a private school . And , um , which is , which is too bad . But on the other hand , I , I ca n't necessarily blame them , No . you know , they , they are a private school and they , That 's right , can do whatever they want . they can be selective , right . And they ca , they , that 's right , they have the ability to be selective . But you ca n't say then , well , public schools are , are not as good . Right . Perhaps they are , because they 're , they 're , If you choose the select top group out of the public schools and tested them , and then compared them to the pri , to the private school group , then I think you would have a more equitable -- 

You 're right . -- way . And I have a problem when they compare the kids in Japan or Germany to the kids here . In , in , in , uh , ho- , honesty , the kids in Japan are , they have to try out to even get into , to which kindergarten they 're going to get into , Oh , really ? and then after , uh , and if , if you only , the , in fact , they 've had cases in the past where parents have committed suicide because their child has not gotten into the top kindergarten , which means they probably wo n't get into the top elementary and , and high school , Uh-huh . and if they do n't , then af- , when they reach a certain age , they just , that 's the end of their schooling . Uh-huh . And , and , uh , they do n't ever really go on . It 's only their top ones that go on , like ours do . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , and , uh , so that , that creates a problem . And , Yeah . and you ca n't compare , because they go so many more hours . The other thing is that the priority in the family is that child 's education , Right , and is that child . well , you see that with the foreigners that come here . 

That 's right . Um , I , I was talking to somebody recently or read somewhere where they , where they said that , you know , these children , they , they had to be the best , and they put off all social life , all everything , That 's right , that 's right . 

you know . Well , is that good ? Yes , the child is very bright , but on the other hand , I feel like my children , who are kind of middle of the road , have , Better coping skills . are more rounded , you know . Yes . Sure , sure , I think it 's real important to have friends . I think it 's real important to play sports . I think it 's real important to be part of a team . Right . And so that 's why I said , their childhood is extremely different from mine . We did n't do all that -- Right . -- you know . We certainly did n't carpool and run the way I do . Um , 

Well , and you do n't , you do n't see the parents , uh , encouraging those students to get on athletic teams or , No . drill teams or band , Right , right . it 's strictly stick to the educational , and it 's interesting to see them as they get older , uh , then that is the type of adult they are . Uh-huh . Um . 