

Okay , uh , well do you , uh , keep a family budget or do you have some , No , I do n't use a family budget , my father who is very old has kept one his entire life , Uh-huh . and I probably re , rebelled against it .  I probably should have kept one . He keeps every penny that comes in and goes out -- Oh , interesting . -- on a very strict percentage . Yes , well , uh , we sort of started doing it years and years ago and my husband started graduate school , when we were first married , and I sort of just got in the habit , I guess . And , you know , never have gotten out of it . I can not really say that it 's a formal budget , it 's more just a , a pretty , uh , a fairly , uh , accurate , uh , recording of what I spend , Right . 

and what I think I am going to have to spend . And , uh , I think it makes much more sense , Yeah . and I have recently , uh , gotten out of debt and everything and I will probably ke , start keeping a little better , Yeah . track of it . Yeah . I just , uh , spent whatever came in and , and , uh , didn- , never knew what came in and what went out . Right . But , uh , just , you know , like , about like the government runs . Yeah . Huh . That sounds real similar . So , I think it is probably better to have some sort of a , a , at least a record but my dad was so precise , Um . that , I mean , if it said to spend eleven percent on something that 's what it was spent . And -- Oh , my , yeah . -- that was put over there and , I mean , of course , he is from the depression , and , uh , Yeah . so , uh , you know , it 's his life , Sure . but , uh , I would , I think it would be smart if somebody would keep , uh , some sort of a plan that works for them . Yeah . I think you are right , um , uh , well i- , it must have been sort of interesting to us is to , uh , it 's because , since I have pretty much kept my record books for the last fifteen years , I guess , I can go back and look and it 's real fun to just see how things have changed over the years . Uh , Yeah , 

it is . For instance , I 'm a historian , and my father had kept them , I think , since nineteen twenty-seven and , uh , My goodness . but he burned the ones from twenty-seven to fi- , I could not believe he did that , but then , Oh dear . so , I took the ones from fifty-two on to the present , Yes . but , to look , to have looked back into the twenties , thirties and forties , it would have been fantastic , Oh yes . to see that . But , uh , 

Well , as a matter of fact , uh , my mother was going through some things not lon , not long ago , I guess it has been a couple of years ago , in an old trunk that she had . And she came upon a , a budget book that she had back in the thirties . Uh , Uh-huh . when they , it was the late , well I guess it would have been , I will take that back , it must have been in the forties , because they had been married , uh , probably fifteen years at the time . And , it was just , uh , fascinating to see how little things cost , I mean it was , Oh . it was just almost laughable in some instances that , you know , of course , it 's all relative , of course , I know . Right . but , uh , never the less it was fun to see those figures next to , you know , for a pr- , pair of shoes was like five dollars and , I know , well even in nineteen sixty-three , I found a record that I had , uh , I travel in Europe a lot and I , what I had paid for hotels . Um . And a similar hotel in Paris is two hundred dollars a night now . Oh . And I paid , uh , oh , between four and five dollars , Oh , is n't that , 

in nineteen sixty . something . And that 's really crazy , cause that 's about thirty years ago . Really . Oh , that is , that is really , really something . Oh . But , of course , it 's just what the market will bear . 

That 's true . If people will pay two hundred then why charge ten . Yeah , You know , MUMBLEx , that 's , that 's right . That 's , exa- , that 's just good old economics working . Right , right . 

Well , uh , we have tried to , uh , instill some , some sense of , uh , of budgeting in our kids , but our two children are just , uh , as , um , unlike as night and day . And , Uh-huh . our son could care less about a budget , and our daughter watches her pennies so closely ,  that she almost , she almost , just sounds like your father , I mean , she has everything planned so closely , Uh-huh . that if , Uh-huh . something goes wrong , it just throws her for a loop . Yeah . Well , then you never know how they will , one , 

they may flip flop when they , Yes . get to be , uh , ol , Right , yes . we- , older . The other one may be very careful , Yes . and she may marry somebody and , of course , it would be good because , it you marry somebody a little loose , then she will have that stability of watching , uh . Yeah . You should have one in the , in the , I think that is true , I , uh , and , in the house . And I think , 

I think that is probably what happened in our house because I think my husband was not quite as , uh , good at saving and so on before we got married and I was , I was really diligent about that . I was putting money aside and when , before I was married , you know , when I was working out of college and , Yeah . uh , that really paid off . Because when time came for him to go back to graduate school , we were in , in fairly good shape financially as far as not having any major debts . And , Yeah , that 's about the way it is here , Yeah . if it had not been for my wife , I would have probably been in debtor 's prison ,  if we had one . MUMBLEx . So but , what does you husband do now ? Uh , he is an engineer , 

he is , uh , Oh . an electrical engineer . And , in fact , went through , uh , many years of graduate school and got his P H D so we , Um . had a lot of lot of years of budgeting . Oh , yeah . 

You have , And , you know , to do it when , Yeah . you are in school . 

When you , My wife is still in school getting her doctorate , uh , yes . 

and it , uh , Well , I 'm working , and I have got , I 'm working on my master 's degree now , so , in fact , this last year we had three , both of the children were in college , our son has a year left and our daughter graduated this year and I 'm just about ready to finish my master 's degree , Um . so we have had , uh , once again , you know , some really , a real lean year for us . Oh , I , I know . We had three , 

But , uh , in college , plus my wife , so that was four . Yeah . So we were both in the same , Yeah , yeah , you know exactly what it , Yeah . what it 's like then . Yeah . And it 's , uh , which you learn , I guess you figure that that is an investment that is , uh , really a in- , invaluable . 

That is the best one . Uh-huh . Yeah , with education you ca n't , Yeah . take that away from you . That is right , 

so it 's , it 's one that you can live through . And I , Right . think that that 's the way that we looked at it in our beginnings when my husband was in graduate school that there was a light at the end of that tunnel . You know , Sure . that that it was worth it to save and to not have , uh , something and , uh , in return know that something better was going to be at the end of it so -- Yeah , that 's true . -- uh , it really makes it easier but , uh , well , I have enjoyed talking with you , Jerry . I have enjoyed talking with you , Kathy . And , I , I wish I could hear more about your historian part of your life , because that sounds really fascinating to me . I am interested in that . Well , if I had your address , I would send you , I am also in the travel business , I -- Oh . -- do tours and I can take some real great tours to Europe . So , uh , Oh , wow . Well , my , my husband , if you . and I just went there last year , um , actually we did not take a tour , we , we were in England and , and , uh , went to Ireland and Scotland and just rented cars and , Yeah . did it on our own but , uh , um , I , that sounds interesting . Is your business in Dallas then ? Yeah , it 's here in Dallas . Okay . In the Quorum . So , I , I 'm Jerry Hammond and I 'm out at Brookhaven College , so you could just holler at me there . Oh , you are kidding . Yeah . Well , I 'm going to be teaching at Brookhaven in the fall . All right , what is your last name ? Kuenzer , K U E N Z E R , and I 'm , K U E N , Uh-huh , Z E R . And , I will be , Well good , I will , in the communications department teaching , uh , English One Oh One to , I have a couple of sections . Oh , well I know Zack Miller real well . Yes , yeah , that 's the guy who hired me , yes MUMBLEx . Well wonderful , I will look you up in the fall then . Fantastic . Okay . Well , it 's been good ta- , it 's been a good type conversation . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 