

you 've done . Our most recent series of projects I guess , was , inside was , uh , we remodeled a bathroom recently . Well , how did it go ? Well , it went pretty well , uh , other than the fact that we encountered some , uh , problems that you run across in older homes with plumbing , which one thing led to another , 

and eventually we ended up replacing all the pipes from the sink clear back to the main drain . Gee , like starting over , I guess . Which meant you needed to take the wall out and start all over . Uh . It was n't one of those , it started out as a Sunday project -- Uh-huh . -- and by , by the next Sunday it was done . It was n't a one dayer . Believe me . Boy , that sounds like , uh , course , uh , I do n't know , 

once you get it done , then you probably wo n't have that problem again . Yeah , it 's good for another thirty years . Um , you 've got an older house ? Yes . 

They are built a little bit more sturdy than , Well , that 's the thing that surprised me , because once I got into the plumbing -- Right . -- everything in there was copper , and it was all soldered . Oh , is that right . That 's what drove me bananas , because , you know , I 'm going to the hardware store saying give me plastic pipe and -- Yes . -- and cement -- -- to fit them together and nothing wanted to go , so it was like I had to go all the way back to the main drain and start all over . And just start at square one . Really . Uh . That was an all day job , just to get it plumbed . Well , and then if you do it wrong . Fortunately , I was very fortunate , uh , in the fact that , uh , when I made the installation of the sink and everything bolted up and we turned the water on -- Everything went all right . -- nothing leaked , everything worked . And I just said , that 's marvelous . I appreciate it . 

That 's the type of thing you cross your fingers and are glad when that happens . Well , I expected something to leak , you know -- Right . -- left a fitting loose , or -- Yes . -- did n't use teflon tape on one of them or something like that . Right . But it all came together , so I , I felt pretty fortunate about that . All worked out all right , huh . 

How about you ? Well , um , well probably the last thing I did was , uh , paint and wallpaper kids room -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , I learned to , I used the wrong kind of paint . This was n't , must have not been a very good quality , because it just has n't stood up very well . What kind of paint ? It was a latex paint , paint , it was flat -- Uh-huh . -- and I wonder if maybe I should have used a gloss . 

Uh , but they say you ought to use your gloss mainly in your -- -- kitchens , and things like that . Yeah , that , and semigloss for trim work , and usually flat for walls . Yeah , but I think maybe , uh , I do n't know if it was just the . Was it not washable paint ? Well , it , it is a latex paint , but it just kind of is , is , 

so , you know , so it 's supposed to wash , you 're supposed to be able to wash it -- Uh-huh . -- but it , um , just looks dingy . I do n't know how else to explain it . What color is it ? It 's pink . Pink , okay . It 's kind of got , uh , oh , just kind of a worn look to it . I do n't know even how to say , just did n't turn out quite as nice as I would have liked but , Did you , uh , require more than one can of paint ? 

I , we put two coats on it , and it 's a small room , but I think it only took one , uh , can . 

You did n't have to mix paint then , right . No . Okay . We did , uh , oh , you do mix the color as far as you start with , uh , white and -- Uh-huh . -- then they add the color . Yeah . You know what I 'm saying but , Yeah . But you only had one can of paint that you -- Yes . -- did the entire room with . Right . And then I wall papered a couple of walls , and , uh . How 'd that go ? 

Well , that was the first time I 've ever wallpapered , and , uh , Kind of fun , is n't it . That 's an education in itself . Really . 

But , uh , the dye lots , uh , must have been a little bit different from , first of all it takes quite a few rolls , even a small room , if you 're trying to match a design . Repeating patterns is what you have to check for -- Yes . -- when you , when you buy your paper . 

That 's what I needed , and I did n't think about that . I got a Mickey Mouse print is what I got . Yeah . And so a lot is wasted . 

Normally it will tell you on the roll how often a pattern repeats . So you know how . See , I did n't even think to look for that . Yeah . And then the , one of them was just a different color , different color pink , is what it ended up being . Um . And MUMBLEx . When you did your papering did you start in the middle of the wall ? No I did n't . Or did you start at the edge ? Is that how you 're supposed to do ? I started at one edge and went over , 

then you had to cut around the closet -- Uh-huh . -- and cut around a window -- Uh-huh . -- but , uh , I 've had my best luck in papering when I start in the middle of a wall , and I 'll start with a plumb line . And start right there . And start in the middle of the wall , and , and go from there , and go all the way around the room . Do you seem to get it straighter , is that the advantage , or what 's the , Well , you , you , 