

Okay . The public school systems , well everybody 's kno- , has known they 've needed renovation for years , but never really had a clear direction on which way to go with it . Uh-huh . The first direction that I can see , or I wish , I would love to see them go with . Kids learn at different rates and for too long they 've kind of lumped everybody together . You 'd learn at this rate and that 's the only way it 's going to happen . Yeah . That 's true . You 've got some kids that 'll pick up on it in the first three minutes you 're talking about it , and the re- , the other fifty-seven minutes you 've been talking about a subject , you 've bored them . Yeah , yeah , that 's , that 's very true . 

Um , I guess I can relate to that , because I have two kids that are opposites like that . Uh , one picks up real quick and the other one does n't . And you 're right , they do get bored , uh , really fast , if they already know what you 're talking about . What do you propose that they do ? What , what is your suggestions ? The educators need to be a little bit more open minded as well as innovative in dealing with , uh , the various students to get the maximum potential out of the person . Uh-huh . Out of each child . Out of each child . Each individual child . Some kids are going to be great with mechanical stuff . Other kids are going to be really into math , some are really going to be heavy into reading . Right . Instead of pushing the scales too far either direction , I mean it 's great to be well rounded and hav- , be exposed to all this stuff . Yeah . That 's , But why not hit the points the kid 's really interested in ? Because if he 's interested , he 's going to study it , and he 's going to learn it , and he 's going to remember it . That 's true . The only , I think the only thing that they would argue about that , is that , you know , every child needs to learn every subject . I mean , that 's , that might be the only thing . But , I mean , I , I definitely agree with you . Uh , They need exposure to every subject . They do n't need to be masters of it , Right , right . That 's true . Uh , Everything I learned about ancient Rome ha , has not helped me anywhere in , my adult life . Yes , I definitely agree . There 's no doubt about that . I , uh , I , I mean , I can relate to that because I 'm , I 'm going to college right now , and I feel like , I mean , I 'm taking this history class . And , I mean , it 's so boring , and I just hate it . And I think , why do they make us take this stuff ? I mean , what does this have to do with getting , you know , a computer science degree or whatever , you know ? What , what type of history class is it that you 're having to take ? Uh , American History . We have to take , um , like this is like early seventeen hundreds through , I do n't know , I think like mid eighteen hundreds . 

And then we have to take another one that 's mid eighteen hundreds on up , to basically present . Well , the early ones they could actually combine two , two , Yeah . levels of it , the one from seventeen hundred til say , the end of the Civil War . Combine that into one . And then from eighteen sixty-five to present , and make that your second step because , Yeah . That 's , well that 's , 

To a point , basically what they 're doing . to a point the bottom , you know , the early parts of it , you 're giving the foundations of the nation 

and , but even then they 're skimming over , they 're very , tri , almost trivial with it . Yeah , oh , yes . Definitely , I agree . Yeah , there 's , You know , I mean , if they really wanted to get to the meat of the matter , I mean , there 's , they make all these people out to be , oh , they were great men , and they 're the father of the country and all this . He had just as much dirt on him as anybody else . If not more . The man was not a saint . Yeah . 

That 's true , yeah . Any way , this , this , um , school system thing , I , I tell you , I saw something on the news , oh , I do n't know , maybe two weeks ago . And they were talking about , I do n't know where you 're from , but I 'm from the Dallas area . And they were talking about the Plano school system , that , they had one school that , uh , if the students did something wrong , I mean , whether it was behavioral or , uh , you know , they were n't learning properly or something . They took these students and put them basically in a closet . With no windows . They had , a , a table , or not a table , but a desk in this closet , and they had to sit in there by themselves . Well , parents were getting really angry about this , because they said , Why is my child being put in this closet . Well , how is that helping my child , you know . And , uh , the , the thing , you know , they said , Well , we 're giving them isolation time and this helps them to think . But a lot of kids , I mean , if a child has , uh , claustrophobia , I mean , that 's just going to terrify him , you know and , 

If , if the isolation concept really works that good , why are our prisons overcrowded ? Uh , that 's true . That 's true . But , no , I mean , they were , uh , I mean , I definitely agree with parents . I think that is a very wrong way to handle , uh , disciplining a child . Putting them in , I mean , they were , they were call , they called them their quiet rooms or their isolation rooms . They did n't call them closets . But they showed these rooms on , uh , you know , on the news and , I mean , they looked like a closet to me . You know , with a desk in it , a real small . But they said that one of the solutions they came up with was to take the doors off of these isolation rooms . I said , now what good does thi- , I mean , how is this helping ? I mean , either way . You know , I , I definitely had to disagree with that . I think that is , that 's not the way to handle a child , you know , discipline a child by putting him in a closet . Th- , the as a part of the revamping of the entire education system on that lev- , the public school system I want to see changed too . When I was br- , brought up , if you crossed the line and you broke a rule bad enough , you were going to get spanked . Right . Well , then the extreme came in , and now we can no longer , Right . spank them , so we now isolate them . Yep . Uh , Okay , we 've swung the pendulum both ways . Let 's find a middle ground . Instead of , there has to be some sort of discipline , 

and there has to be some sort of punishment . Right . Short of physically isolating the child , and short of physically hitting the child . Well , Let 's put him into a situation where , okay , you crossed the line , you broke the rule , you 're going to have to pay for it . Right . But , it 's going to tax you physically . Uh-huh . I , I do n't , Have th- , I mean , in- , instead ha- , have them pick up around the school yard , have them weed a flower bed somewhere on the school yar- . Do something to beautify the school property . Yeah , that 's true . But you cut , you know , the , the kid 's having to give up his , quote , play time to pay his debt for what he did wrong . Well , But he 's seeing something constructive come out of it . um , I have to , 

I think one of the positive things , I mean , one of the things that can come out of , uh , is not just di- , discipline , okay ? But , okay , for instance , one of the things they do at , uh , my kids school , uh , they have what they call , uh , caught being good slips . And when the kids are in halls and stuff , and if they 're being really good , I mean , just being excellent , they 're not , you know , cutting up and so on . They 're just standing in line , doing whatever they are supposed to , they get one of these caught being good slips . And then , when they collect them at the end of each week , they get to go to this little , what they call their caught being good store , and then they get to spend these like money . Well , see , to me , that 's positive reinforcement , is much better , much better than trying to find ways to discipline kids , because they 're going to be good and try and earn those things , you know , to get the positive part of it . I mean , they 'd ra- , much rather go in the store and buy something than be spanked . So , they 're definitely going to work towards being good , you know , rather than trying to act up and be bad , you know . 

I think that not only applies inside the public school system , but in society itself . We 've been too long , there 's been too much negative reinforcement . How much , da- , like , the caught being good slips . How about , just the John Q citizen out there on the street ? Yeah , well that 's true . I think , I think , really though , 

I mean , that 's one thing that , I mean , my kids definitely get spanked when they need they need to be spanked . But I really do try to use positive , uh , reinforcement with them at home , also . And it really helps . And I mean , they , they do n't get spanked very often , but they , they do when they deserve it , you know . But , uh , I do n't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked . I mean , I , I think I would n't mind if a teacher spanked my child . But , you know , that 's just my personal opinion , and that 's not going to , I mean , I do n't think that law will ever change . They are never going to let a , a teacher spank a child again . But I do n't think , I mean , some kids do n't get do n't get spanked at home and some kids need to be spanked at home . I mean , do n't you think ? I , m- , m- , most wholeheartedly agree . But I do n't know . 

I mean , there 's a point of over kill , but somewhere in , you 've got to find an even line . Right , right . Well , there 's so many parents that say , you can deal with a child without spanking them . Which is true , you can . But there are times when a child needs to be spanked . I mean , they do things that they need that . 

Need that shock effect , where they equate the shock of being spanked with the actions they did to get spanked . Right . 