

Well , ironically enough I 'm sitting here with a cast on my leg because I resumed an aerobics class the night before last . Oh , no . I ripped the ligaments in my right ankle . Gosh . Yeah so , Exercise is not supposed to do that to you . 

That 's what the nurses kept saying as they laughed all the way , you know , down the hallway . Do you do anything on a regular basis ? Well , off and on , off and on . Right now I 've been off 

but , I 've been going over to the fitness center . Yeah , that 's a good , yeah , I , Yeah , three times , My husband 's a T I -er in the MUMBLEx unit here . 

Well I try to go over there at least three times a week , and I try to walk , um , at least five times a week . Do you , when you go to the MUMBLEx , I have to ask you , and if this is getting to MUMBLEx , we 're not supposed to get too particular , but I 'm just curious , 

when you go over there does it bother you in terms of how things are arranged , either at the Dallas location or the Spring Creek , in terms of , there 's so much , it 's so much of a weight orientation , weight lifting , et cetera . Yeah . Uh , well , I 've been going to Spring Creek . I have n't been to the Dallas one now in , oh , a couple of years . Uh-huh . At least since they 've redone it , supposedly redone . So I do n't really , Yeah , it- , well , it 's not that great , 

and I go to the Spring Creek one on and off . But my husband 's working over there and he just goes to the Dallas one . But I just do n't , I mean , it 's just so much weight lifting . Even the Spring Creek one has a lot of weights in it . Yeah , that 's true . Or is that what you 're into or , No , No , 

well , I 've used the Nautilus equipment . Uh-huh . And the bikes , and stair climbers , and stuff like that mostly . Yeah . I do n't use the free weights but , 

I like the tread mill and the stair master myself over there . Yeah , I like those too . And the pool when it gets warmer . And the pool , yeah . That 's great . Yeah .  

I know . Well , what I did was I went to a jazzercise class in a new location in Richardson near where we live in North Dallas , and long story short , I had n't , this is really a stupid thing that happened , but they have like the gymnasium flooring and then like they had about three feet of linoleum around the perimeter in the back where I usually stand -- Uh-huh . -- in any class like that I go to . Instead of having that level , you know -- Uh-huh . -- they had a chrome strip that was n't level , and it was about four inches deep and then about , oh a seventy degree angle . Oh , my goodness . And as we were jumping around or doing something I just jumped up and came right down on it . Um . The orthopedist called it a , uh , basketball injury where the ankle just rolls under you , and it snapped . Woo . I know . We went to MUMBLEx , well whatever in Plano , and the emergency room was like a bad comedy show . And the doctor said , you did n't do anything . There 's only a one in five hundred chance that the radiologist will call you . That was Tuesday night , and Wednesday night the radiologist called me at work and , uh , I was on crutches , and he said , I think you better call an orthopedist . So we went to one and he just put a big old cast on it . Put a big cast on it . Yeah , for about four weeks . Four weeks , yeah . Well , I like aerobics , but I 'm not so sure that , Well not that much , though . No , I 've never , I was off for about six months too just for some other surgery I 'd had , but I 've never , I 'd , you know , I was pretty much in shape walking and , and , you know , this is one of those things , like this orthopedist said , he said you 'd be surprised how many basket- , how many people come in here with things like that because they are active . Yeah . You know , I was real embarrassed , but I felt kind of stupid . . Well , those things happen , though . Yeah , they do . I mean , I guess I 'm glad , you know , that , um , nobody really noticed , I guess you could say . Yeah . Because I got up and started jumping on it again . Well that did a lot of good , I 'm sure . Yeah really . I enjoy aerobics , and I do it because I like it , I mean , I like the music and -- Yeah . -- that kind of stuff . I like the music , but I 've been unable to do that , because I hurt my foot about five years ago . I broke my heel . Oh -- -- that makes my foot , how 'd you do that ? In aerobics ? No , no , actually I was up on a ladder , and , uh , fell off . Oh goodness . 

Leaned the wrong way . Uh-huh . And when I came down I hit with my full weight on my foot , but on concrete . What 'd they do for that ? 

Did they have to cast it ? Yeah , they had , well they had to go in and do surgery . They put a pin in it . Oh , so the aerobics , the impact , would not be good . Yeah , as I permanently damaged the , the cushion under my heel -- 

Oh , goodness . -- the normal cushion that you have there . Uh-huh . I ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt . Oh , that makes sense . 

So , I mean , are you , in terms of other things , like , like , not running , but playing a little bit of tennis , or can you not do stuff like that at all ? Uh , well I have n't tried that . I do n't know . It 's been I bet it 's been thirty years since I played tennis . Yeah . It 's been , Mostly into just walking and stuff like that . That 's probably the safer way because I notice in aerobics a lot of the women that do n't look like they should n't be doing certain things -- Uh-huh . -- I 'm always afraid they 're going to fall over and have a coro , coronary . Yeah . And there was my ego when I went ahead and I went , oh , I can do that and -- Uh-huh . -- half the time though I do n't jump half as much as , I mean , like , I 'm real tall , and , you know , I 'm not heavy , 

but when you go easy a hundred seventy at my height , um , I 'm five eleven -- Um . -- you need just take it easy . Sure . Um , but when I see some wo- , I mean , and I just do n't think it 's healthy all that pounding all the time . It is n't , really , it 's not really good for your knees . So , yeah , that 's the other reason , and , I do n't know , this was just , I guess , something freak that happened to me , because I was n't familiar with the , Well , the floor was uneven . Oh , it was completely , I mean , it literally , the two dissimilar floor lev- , floor coverings were not level . 

And at first after it happened I thought , maybe that 's a handicap access , and then I said no , that 's just the way it 's constructed . Yeah . And my husband being a T I engineer , I said a few things to him when I got home , I said , who has engineered that ? . Really . But I , sounds you , like one thing that I like , like swimming , you like that a lot ? Uh-huh , I like swimming . Uh-huh . do you like to exercise because you want to or because you have to ? No , I like , I liked it because I want to , it makes me feel better . That 's how I am . Yeah . Yeah . If I do n't do it I just feel like I do n't have as much energy . Uh-huh . 

And it 's real funny because if you , you know , it seems like when you exercise and expend the energy that you 'd be tired , but it 's the other way around . Right . 

It curbs the appetite and helps with the calories and all that stuff . Yeah really . Yeah but , Yeah , and I need all the help I can get . That gravity factor , I know . Uh-huh . It does get you . Like that orthopedist said to me , he said , do n't worry Diane , he says , he said , uh , you 're at thirty something , but you 're on the upper side . 

He said that , do n't worry , he says , even if you were n't doing anything your body would start , that would start to happen to you . Yeah , thanks a lot . Yeah , because I was saying to him , I said , I 'm not that heavy , I 'm not heavy , you know , maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being . Uh-huh . I said , uh , why do I feel like I need to start pushing myself more . And he goes , human nature . And then , you know , you see these little girls in these little bitty things , and they 're all like twenty-one years of age . Uh-huh . But luckily at MUMBLEx there 's a little more diverse clientele . That 's true , they do . Except for the guys that lift the weights . They do intimidate . Yeah . 

I try to go real late or real early before they get there . Yeah . There some things I 'd like to try , but , you know , sometime when I ask , I just feel like , boy , am I stupid or what . Uh-huh . 

Well that 's one thing I like about the Spring Creek place . At least the fellow that 's there , one of the fellows that 's there at night and on weekends is real helpful . Uh-huh . And his name is B J . I do n't think I 've ever , I think I 've , there was some girl there . I 've been there like , maybe a dozen times . Uh-huh . 

But I actually like that site better than the other one just because of the type people that go to . Uh-huh . It 's terrible . I do n't know if the Dallas location , it just seems that , um , sometimes I feel like I 'm in a singles bar . Yeah , yeah , that 's true . And I have n't noticed that up at Spring Creek . No , 

I have n't either , and I just , uh , it 's not that far of a drive and I 'm glad they did that . Um , you 're not missing anything at the Dallas renovated site . It 's not -- Yeah . -- at all anything worth talking about . Yeah . I thought maybe one of these days I 'll drive over there and check it out . Yeah , but if you do n't live near there that 's not worth , Yeah . I live in Richardson , but it 's about half way between the Spring Creek and the , the Dallas site . Yeah . 

That 's actually where this happened to me , out in , I say Plano , but it 's all the same to me . Richardson , over on Campbell and Park Hill there 's a new recreation center . Uh-huh . And as we were doing it , too , everybody noticed that there were all these big guys of assorted nationalities . MUMBLEx walked out , I was one thing , oh great , I have purple tights on , you know . Uh-huh . And they 're going yes . But in general I like to exer- , I , I like dance a lot , so I mean aerobics is something I 'd hate to give up . But he , he kind of said something to me about probably not as bad as your foot , but he just said to me , maybe you ought to try bicycling or , Yeah , you probably will for a while , because it 's going to be real tender . He told me eight to twelve weeks . Uh-huh . Not anything , you know . I said , but you 're only going to put the cast on for a couple of weeks . He said , yeah , but that 's just , 

they tried to put me in some kind of immobilized walker , because he does n't like to put casts on when it 's warm . But I just , the more they tried to get my foot in the more I screamed , I could n't , you know -- I know what you mean . -- adjust that . You know more about this stuff than I do , obviously then , Not fun . No . Well , you 're walking okay now obviously , and you can , Oh , yeah , 

I have a slight limp from it , but it matches one if I have one on the other side . MUMBLEx . Yeah . Well , anything else about exercise we can talk about . Well , other than I need to go . Yeah , me too , me too . I need to go actually get something to eat here . It 's great though , I really do enjoy it . Okay , thank you , Sandy . Sure , thanks . Uh-huh . Bye-bye . 