

Okay . Uh , do you want to go ahead or , Oh , sure . Uh , well . I , uh , went to school at Madison for two years 

and they are really big on women 's rights . Uh-huh . And , and equal treatment . Uh-huh . And so I , I 've seen a lot of like rallies and things like that . But , uh , I 'm not that liberated . I mean my mom is kind of old-fashioned , you know . Uh-huh . So , I , you know , you pick up some traits from her and stuff . But , uh , I think it 's , I think it 's interesting and better for women to see that there 's more , more of them doing men 's fields . I like to see that . And -- Right . -- I do n't like to see women , you know , like waiting on men hand and foot but , you know , I , I believe in like sharing and doing things for each other . I do too . I like the idea . I see a lot more , uh , my children , I have five children and they 're all married . Uh-huh . And , uh , I love seeing the men help the women so much . Right . And they both cooperate together on , I think it 's great . 

Oh , me too . I hope that happens to me someday . I mean , I , I do n't mind -- MUMBLEx . -- doing stuff . Uh , I have a boyfriend and I got to make him dinner and stuff but , you know , I , he 'll help me do the dishes . I do n't want to , you know -- Right . -- expect to help to clean up then after MUMBLEx . Yeah . That 's right . That 's right . Yeah . So . I 've always taught my men that . They better clean up with their women and help them . If they did that , you know . Right . And they 're , they 're good about it . But it is neat to see them all work together . And -- Uh-huh . -- a big thing that I see . All that , most of the , most of the women getting married now , uh , go back , have gone back to , you know , they , they stay at work or go back to work . Or whatever . Right . And they 're well educated . Uh-huh . And I believe we 'll see a lot more C E O -s in companies . They 're having a fit about how little there are . Oh . And I think we 'll see a lot more . Do n't you ? Of upper management ? 

Oh , yeah . Uh-huh . Then we do now , even . Right . I think it 'll escalate . Yeah . And , uh , and I think black women now i- , in fact I work at a high school . Uh-huh . And my boss is a black woman and has only been there a couple of months and already promoted and she 's very sharp . And I think that th- , and the ethnic thing will be , you know , is a good thing now . Oh , me too . They 're moving them up and they 're sharp and they , so you 're going to see a lot , a lot more of that in leadership I believe . Yeah . I like to see that . 

I think it 's , uh , really neat to see and all that educated minority , uh , person -- Uh-huh . -- who really knows what they 're talking about . And -- Right . -- it 's just too bad that some people , you know , still look down on them just because of their color . You know . Right . That 's a shame . Especially black women . Yes . So . Yeah . 

But they would n't know what they 're doing . Right . But I 'm not big on subserving as far as -- Uh-huh . -- to the men at all . Right . But I never have gone along with that , you know . Even far back . But I was brought up pretty good in a home that , years ago my mother was that way . The same . I , my bo- , ther- , you know , some people say oh the boys should n't have to do those jobs . The inside jobs . But we never were taught , they had to do as much as we did . So that was good . Right , same here . Yeah . So that 's , I think that 's good . To keep the equal as far as , as , uh , not , nex- , nex- , uh , necessarily by sex type thing . Right . Same here . You know . You should be able to accomplish as much . And I think the , uh , attitude is a lot better towards the parents raising the younger ones now . Uh-huh . You see a lot more of the mothers and all saying to the young girls , you know -- Yeah . -- you can do it . If he -- Yeah . -- can do it , you can do it type thing . Exactly . 

I , I see more men , uh , like participating in like the family things with children . Uh-huh . Like , you know , helping to take care of them more . And -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , uh , doing the jobs equally , you know , Right . What about politics on it ? Oh . Do you think the political scene ? I 'm not that big on politics . I 'm not -- Yeah . -- that educated on it . 

I 'm , I 'm real dis , I 'm kind of disgusted this year because I do n't see many women into the political scene and I really think we should have more -- Oh , yeah . I agree with that . -- political leaders in the women than we do up for , and even for President and Vice President this year , 

there 's nobody again . I think they 're all scared out after tha- , after , uh , oh , what was the lady 's name that ran a couple of , Fitz- , I forget her name now . Oh , I do n't know . But you know who I mean ? Yeah , I know who you 're talking about . Yeah . She took such a rough go of it . 

And they t- , their tax deal and , Yeah . At least she was strong to like try it and you know . Right . Right . So that 's good . But I wish they would get some more on that . 

I really was disappointed this year when I see any of the candidates talking that they 're talking about . Uh , they , I did n't see any of the women in there . Uh-huh . And that disappoints me . Oh . And right now I do n't think we have too many . Uh , th- , in the forefront . Schroeder 's about the biggest one in Washington . Uh-huh . Congress woman . And , uh , other th- , uh , we really , 