

I do n't know what the , the last thing I 've done as far as car repairs go is , is change oil and filter an , and that kind of stuff . I have n't gotten really involved in anything , uh , extensive in car repairs in , oh , oh , probably a year or so . I think the last thing I did of any significance was change the water pump on an Oldsmobile . Yeah , I had a similar thing , that I 've worked on cars ever since I was , uh , a kid . And that was some time ago , but I 've gotten to the point where , uh , the newer cars are getting so complicated to work on that , uh , oh , most of the cars I buy , I try to buy as simple a car as possible . Yeah , 

I know what you mean . So , you know , changing the oil , changing the spark plugs and most of them now , you know , you do n't go through the ignition stuff anymore because that 's all solid state or , Yeah , or fuel injected , and so there 's , or fuel injected so there goes the carburetor and if the fuel injection system breaks down , Yeah . there 's no way in the world you 're going to work on that . No there 's no way . Somebody once said , uh , I had a car that said fuel injection on the side of it and a woman asked me what that meant and I said that means that I ca n't work on it . 

Oh , yeah , yeah , basically that 's it . You know , they 've gotten so complicated or so high tech that , uh , the guys , average guys ca n't really go out in the , in the garage and do a whole lot of repairs , uh . Yeah , I 've got , uh , an eighty-four Chevy van that 's , uh , a one ton van with a camper conversion on it . Yeah . It 's got the , the , the good old three fifty , Absolutely . 

standard engine in it . Regular gas engine , and that engine I understand , I can , wo , I can actually work on that engine . Yeah , I used to have , uh , ch- , Chevy van , it was a short van , Yeah . that had the , the three fifty in it . Uh-huh . And basically it , it was a motor and you did n't have all the other junk around it , Right . and you could get to it to work on it . Yeah , I had to change the water pump in that , here about a year ago . And it was really fairly easy . Take the grill out and the radiator out and you can just stand there and work on it . Yeah , the hardest part about , uh , water pump changes is getting all the junk off , before you can get too it . Well that 's true . You 're right , you know , by the time you 've finally got down to it , I was hoping I could remember where all those other things went . 

Well that 's kind of the way I was , I tried to remember as I took stuff off where it went , and I do n't think I had too many nuts and bolts left over when I got it all put back together . A few years ago I had an Oldsmobile diesel and , uh , the , uh , it , after about a hundred thousand miles the injector pump went out on it . And , uh , I bought it when we were living in Lubbock , when I came back here , I brought the car back here and , uh , I do n't know , diesels got pretty unpopular and you could n't sell the thi- , I mean , though for what you could get for one , you might as well drive it over a cliff . And , uh , the injector pump went bad so I found a outfit down here to rebuild it . And , uh , i- , reinstalled that and that was probably one of the most miserable things I had gotten into in a long time . 

I do n't think I 'd know where to start with a diesel . Oh , well , it , you know , i- , diesels do n't require mechanics , they require plumbers . 

Well that 's true . And , uh , . I think the onl- , closest thing I 've come to , to a diesel is , I 've worked for a tractor repair shop , uh , when I was in high school and , uh , we used to overhaul farm tractors basically , Yeah . and they were nearly all , all diesel , but as far as cars I 've never , never been involved with them . Well the injector nozzle and stuff in , you know , the big diesel farm tractors , you know , what are about the size of your thumb , 

and the- , Well , ye- , yeah , and you ca , you can get to them . yeah you can get to them , 

and the ones in , in the diesel cars were little tiny things and just almost impossible to do anything with . Well I , I 've had a lot of good service out of that car , but , uh , uh , I finally gave it to my son and he drove it literally into the ground , you know . Yeah . He was out at Tech and he , he finished it off . I 'm , I guess you 're right the , the diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status . I do n't know exactly why . One of the reasons is I , I 'm beginning to wonder is , where do you get gas at . I su- , I do n't know if it 's still , uh , limited like it was , I do n't notice it , probably because I don , What , the availability ? Huh ? You mean the diesel availability ? Yeah , I do n't , I do n't notice but maybe because I 'm not looking for it . Yeah , well I 'd bought , uh , a G M C diesel pickup and , uh , loved that thing , you know , I really liked it . But it turns out a pickup was n't what I really needed , Yeah . and it was the van that I needed then , to buy the , you know , traded it in on the Chevy van . But , uh , sure enjoyed it . 

But yo- , you got the , the three fifty in the van ? Yeah , yeah the three fifty regular gas engine . Yeah , that 's what I like because , they 've got plenty of power , and , uh , Uh-huh . if you treat them right , they 're not the gas guzzlers I think that they 've got the reputation to be . I 'm convinced that , uh , Detroit or whoever it is made a major mistake , Yeah co- , years ago when they stopped putting the small V eights in and went to the fours and some of the sixes . Uh-huh . I 'm convinced that the small V eight like the , the Mustang 's original two eighty-nine or some of the Chevy two eighty-threes , Uh-huh . were good little V eight engines that were not gas guzzlers but they had enough power t- , pull all this weight . Yeah . And the four cylinders just do n't have it . 

I think that little , the little Chevy V eight when it started out in sixty , in fifty-five , I think was two sixty-five , something like that . Yeah . Little , you know , not whole lot more than the , than the , than the six cylinder that I think was like about two thirty-five or so . But , uh , they kept boring that block out to where you could a get a four hundred , small block four hundred that was , uh , the same block , you know , just , just kept boring it out and boring it out and stroking it a little bit more , an . I think those gu- , those little V eights could have been made to be pretty powerful little engines , if they would have gone with it , but . Well that was , uh , that was a short stroke engine it could really wind up . Oh , yeah . The two little cars I 've got now , bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple of years ago and , and it was normally carbureted and it 's fairly easy to work with because there 's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong , Yeah , that 's kind of like , and you know changing the plugs and stuff . 

the , the first , well my first car was a fifty-six Mustang and , uh , over the years , uh , all I had a , uh , Dodge pickup several years ago , and , uh , I ca n't remember the size of the engine it was a three oh , seven or something like that , Yeah . but , uh , I remember working on those cars , you 'd open the hood and there was basically nothing in there but an engine , Uh-huh , uh-huh . and a few things . Now , you open the hood and it 's scary . Yeah . Like you say it takes a plumber to figure out where all this stuff goes . The friend of ours over here , he 's got , uh , sixty-five , or sixty-six Mustang the six cylinder . Yeah . And , uh , I was look under the hood of that the other day and like you say , you can see the road . Yeah . It 's amazing . Well if you had to you could climb up in there and do what you needed to . You coul , yeah , you could stand in there if you really wanted to , I guess . 

My dad 's got a new , um , I guess it 's an eighty-nine or ninety , uh , Chrysler something or other . It 's one of those transverse mounted V sixes , front wheel drive . Oh , yeah . And , uh , he was showing it to me and we 're looking under the hood and everything 's nice and clean and , you know , you can see the three spark plugs there in the front . And I said well where are the other three . And he 'd never really thought about it . Yeah . And he says well , hopefully I wo n't have to change them , before I trade it off . Yeah , it 's going to be a problem getting back there because it was shoved right up against the fire wall . Yeah . So they just about complicated the things so much that shade tree mechanics ca n't do much with them . Yeah . 

Well when they went to the , started with the newer engines , you know , when they started putting all that pollution control stuff on the older engines is where they started getting into so much , you know , trouble . Because the three fifty with all the , you know , like well , actually , I guess , her- , within a couple of years ago anyway was the last I 've paid any attention to it . The three oh five was that , that , Uh-huh . V eight that they put in the , the three quarter and , and half ton van . And it had all the air pump and , uh , uh , Right . I do n't know , all that , all that stuff . Yeah the anti-smog pumps . And all the anti-smog stuff . And , uh , boy that was , uh , really a mess back under there under the , in that van . And all that stuff loads the motor down . Uh-huh , uh-huh . 

So it 's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things . But that 's one good thing I 've got a , uh , eight ninety , uh , Chevy Blazer now and it 's got one , uh , belt on it a serpentine belt . Oh , it 's that one that 's about , uh , what an inch and a half wide . Yeah . 

Got a bunch of groves in it . I have n't had to replace the thing yet . It looks like it would be , uh , better than having , I 've got an , an Olds Toronado that , I think 's got six belts on the sucker . Yeah . And I had to get all those off , you know , when I was replace that , uh , water pump . Yeah . And , uh , I had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where . Yeah , 

it 's kind of like the inside dual on a truck . You know , when one of them breaks , Oh man . it 's not the outside one , it 's , it 's the , it 's usually that power steering be- , or something that 's way back in there . You bet , everything else 's got to come off first . Everything 's got to come off . Well , it 's a pleasure meeting you . Yeah , and we 'll , uh , how many times have you done this now ? 

Is this , Uh , I 've got , uh , five stickers here from T I , so I guess I 've done probably , uh , I 'd say seven or eight of them . Yeah , I had n't , uh , had n't , not gotten any calls here in the last , uh , this is the first one in a week or so . Yeah , 

I have n't gotten any calls in two weeks , so I do n't know , if , if it 's tapering off , or what . If ta- , it 's winding down or what . 

I had a difficult time the past couple of times of getting , uh , answers . Finding a taker . So it sounds , it 's taken them ten , fifteen minutes at a time , so , people are either not , no- , maybe they 're burnt out or , yeah . Yeah , well . Anyway let you go . Thanks for talking . Okay , all right . Bye-bye . 