

Okay . Okay , well , Mark , our situation is that we do have a daughter that is , uh , in the situation of choosing college . Uh-huh . She 's actually at Bible College for this current year . Uh-huh . And , uh , I guess , uh , first and foremost , it , really it 's a question of what the student wants to have in the way of a career and then , uh , uh , which colleges or universities can best offer that program , and then it comes down to the dollar . You have to , uh , it 's whether or not you 're a resident for that jurisdiction , Uh-huh . -- you know , it does , it comes down to , uh -- Uh-huh . -- trying to come with a trade off of the costs . Uh-huh . Uh , what do you feel about come of the things that need to , Damn it , I agree with pretty much with everything you 've said . 

Uh , the one , the one thing that I , you know , I 'd advise any parent , uh , you know , or any , or any person looking for a college , uh , is that I think , I think , you know , it 's really important for them to actually visit the college and actually try and get away from , you know , the guided tour of the college and try and talk to the , you know , actual students there because , you know , they 're just , uh , in my experience , I 've talked to people at other colleges , uh , that , you know , the , the , the way , the , you know , the , the , the lifestyle pictured in the cat- , catalogs is n't always the whole story . No , y- , the , the college , the , the catalogs are sales material . Uh-huh . It does n't matter -- Uh-huh . -- whether , you know , they 're , they 're selling school . Uh-huh . And , uh , and , true , it , uh , really is helpful if a parent and the student can get there and see -- Uh-huh . -- the real character of the school and the real life experiences of the school . Uh , I guess there 's a difference in , here the , at least , the university here in Saskatoon is primarily , uh , off campus resident students . Like , they just live in the community . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , I know that there are a lot of colleges and universities , particularly as they get to be a little bit on the smaller side where dormitory life is , uh , is right on campus as well -- Uh-huh . -- and that , you know , that changes the character -- Uh-huh . -- of it quite a bit . Yeah , I , I go to Georgia Tech which is , you know , primarily an engineering school -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , you know , I think I really do miss the fact , you know , that it 's not a university , that there 's , there 's not , the , the , you know , 

it tends to be a very conservative school and there , and there does n't seem to be the diversity of views that a lot of , you know , universities will , will have . Yeah . Uh , I guess we 're here , 

this is the university that has , for years had the , the car , that , uh , will travel the farthest on , uh , on a small quantity of gas , our engineering students . Uh-huh . Uh , in competitions and that 's the kind of thing that also you see , uh , if you can see the kinds of achievements that have been made by students as well as graduates -- Uh-huh . -- can give you idea of the character of the school . Uh , whether you , you know , in one sense , whether you 've got a spirit of innovation and excellence or whether you 've got a , a spirit of , somewhat unkind , but -- Uh-huh . -- producing graduates . Yeah . Uh , you know , as sort of some development and some training , uh , like it 's easy enough to crank out graduates , but to really challenge them -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , and that can vary between colleges , and faculties even , as to how , you know , what the attitude towards achievement is . Uh-huh . Uh , do you , uh , have anyone that you 're seriously needing to , uh , feed information to ? I suppose if you 're actually at Georgia Tech as a student , you 're a ways away from that . Yeah , uh , I do n't really know of anyone that 's like look , that 's looking for colleges now , you know , because it , with the exception of , uh , people 's younger brothers and sisters . Then the only advise passed down is , do n't go to Georgia Tech . Uh , but , uh , no , actua- , actually I 'm , I 'm , I 'm more interested in , in , in choosing the right j- , job when you graduate -- Right . 

-- type information . Well , that 's , that 's one of the , really , a valid point that people need -- Uh-huh . -- to consider as well . Uh-huh . Uh , you know , to , going to college , university is going to take four to eight years depending on the -- Program . -- p- , pa- , programs person 's involved in and after that , you have to be out in the real world and have to be able to support yourself -- Uh-huh . -- and if you go in an area that there is just not much of a job market -- Uh-uh . -- jeez , if that 's , Uh-huh , like a fine arts education , I , Right . Best training in the world is not going to f- , put food on your table . Uh-huh . But , uh , 