

Let 's see , my husband does the majority of the , um , the , uh , gardening , uh , taking care of the lawn and fertilizing , but , I , um , tend to all the , planting the annuals and , and the spraying -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , taking care of them and maybe putting flowers in , you know , throughout that season , and later on maybe planting some mums and that kind of stuff and , um , any kind of decorating for the holidays , you know , I 'll fix the porch up with pumpkins for Halloween and Christmas , but basically he does all the heavy stuff , and I do all the fun stuff . Well , we have it just opposite here . 

My wife works in , you know , at , at , at the T I , and she 's , uh , sedentary all day long -- Uh-huh . -- so when she gets home she likes to mow . I see . And we have about ten acres , 

and she tries -- Wow . -- to mow about half of it . Wow . That 's a , a big job . Well , yeah , it keeps , uh , well , it 's doing real well , because when we got this place the , the dirt was just overgrazed -- Uh-huh . 

-- I mean , you know , it was bare dirt in a lot of places -- Uh-huh . -- and now , you know , since we 've been mowing it , and , you know , of course we water a little bit , that 's just too much to water all at once , but -- Oh , sure . -- but just by keeping it mowed and getting it mulched in , we 've reclaimed a lot of it . Oh , I bet it 's beautiful . Yeah , 

but we do n't do much in the way of , uh , flowers . We have one little flower garden -- Uh-huh . -- that we , that we work with . The rest of it is just like wild flowers -- Wild flowers . -- and in the summertime we get the prettiest yellow flowers . Uh-huh . They 're about , oh , I guess , a third the size of your , palm of your hand -- Uh-huh . -- and -- Oh , that sounds lovely . -- course in the spring we get the bluebonnets and Indian paintbrush . Uh-huh . Oh , the wild flowers are beautiful . 

I think , um , I was thinking about throwing some for , in the back , just where the kids , um , just way in the back , behind the swing sets or , just have some wild flowers growing back there would be real pretty . Then you do n't really have to have much maintenance involved . Yeah . Well , my wife and I really enjoy that sort of thing . Uh-huh . Uh , she enjoys mowing . I ca n't believe it . Uh-huh , I know a lot of -- I mean , I hate it . 

-- uh-huh , a lot of women do . Um , I 've just never really , you know , maybe one of these days I 'll have to get out there and mow , but , um , my husband takes it on , and I 'll help rake up the grass , and , um , sometimes I 'll help him edge , um , because , we do n't have that much property , but we 're on a corner lot , so there 's a lot of edging to do -- Right . -- and , um , uh , that 's what 's nice about living more in the country , you do n't have to worry about any of that . We do n't even have any concrete -- Oh . -- or asphalt . Oh , that 's nice , I , this is different for us because the other , in the past we 've had homes that have n't had any side walks , and , um , it 's been a little more country with the trees , and we do miss that . Um , if we had a chance to move , I think we 'd move back to somewhere that was a little more countrified -- Uh-huh . -- and a little less maintenance required -- Yeah -- -- as , as far as that goes . -- but , you know , we do everything together . Uh-huh . This , this spring we got a thousand pine trees from the , actually this fall , I was talking about , two weeks ago -- Oh . -- we got a thousand pine trees from the , you know , soil and conservation people -- Uh-huh . -- and , uh , we 're in the process of , of planting -- 

Wow that 's , -- and we 're building a stand , uh , just to the north of our house , and along the east , uh , property line -- Um . -- and I , uh , I think what we 're , what we 're trying to do is create sort of a wind break -- Uh-huh . -- because I tell you , in the winter time when that , when that wind comes out of the north , it just cuts right through you like you 're not even there . Right . So . Right . Well , I put , On the other side of the house , though , that 's where we have all the , the delicate flowers and the mums , and we have morning glory -- Uh-huh . -- and we have trumpet vine and moon flowers , and we planted those out by the septic , so that , uh , they get plenty of water -- Uh-huh . -- and we get hummingbirds come in the -- Oh . -- spring , you know , all summer long . Oh , that sounds so pretty . And , well , when we leave the doors open , they fly in the house . Oh really . Do they , do n't do any damage , though , 

they just fly right back out , if you have the , Well , yeah , they do n't like it in here because there 's nothing to eat -- I see . -- and when you 're as busy as one of those babies , you 've got to eat most of the time . I see . And we got a few , you know , we put up some hummingbird feeders and some bird feeders . Uh-huh . But , you know , for the most part , gardening for us is , well , we got asparagus , and , uh , we 've got some plum trees and some apple trees and some tomato -- Uh-huh . -- and some blackberries and strawberries . Man , we get the best strawberries , that you just ca n't believe . Oh , oh , that sounds wonderful . We just got our last tomatoes . Oh , I love home gro , grown tomatos . Yeah . There 's nothing like them . They just do n't have the same ones in the supermarket . Well , these are accidental tomatos . What does that mean , accidental tomatoes ? Well , last year the birds came and ate a few of the tomatoes , of course you 're going to lose some that way -- Uh-huh . -- and the seeds go right through them . I see . And wherever they pooped , 