

Type of music is hot down in Texas ? Uh , well , I do n't know exactly what 's hot down in Texas . I know what 's hot down here with me , so that 's about all I can feel apt to discuss with you since I just know , I do n't ever listen to the radio and that 's usually what 's hot around here so , Oh , okay . 

So , what kind of music do you like ? Uh , mostly folk music . Folk music . Yeah , I find myself , uh , listening to a lot of , uh , uh , either old timer or New England , uh , dance bands as well as , uh , just more popular folk music and new artists coming up . Uh-huh . Well , we 're on totally different wavelengths . Okay . I 'm more , uh , old rock and roll , uh , some new , newer , I guess you would call it heavy metal rock and roll type -- Uh-huh . -- you know , uh , Van Halen , that kind of thing . Yeah , 

what about , uh , classic rock type stations . Uh , I do n't listen to the radio at all . We live in a fairly small town , so -- Oh , okay . -- uh , classic rock for me is what I have , which is like , uh , Doors , Eagles , Jimmy Hendrix . 

So , some -- Uh , -- some of the older Eagles stuff was good . Yeah . I , I did n't like , uh , they started getting a little more , you know , the type of music , at least to me , it 's , uh , sounds like it 's only sounds good at a high volumes and I do n't like listening at high volumes . Yeah . Yeah . But , uh , some of their older s- , stuff was , uh , you know , quite enjoyable to me . Yeah , well they , You know , Ho- , Hotel California and that era . Yeah , yeah that does , that 's something you do n't , does n't even sound good loud really . You know . Yeah . You know , definitely . Uh , so , anything new you like coming out now , other than folk music , some I might know of . 

I do n't know any folk music at all . Well , down in Texas , uh , you know , little , listen to a little country every now and then . Yeah , oh yeah , here , 

I 'm sure there 's a lot of that down there . Oh , plenty . Way , way more than I can stand down here . I , I do n't care for it at all , that Texas twang or whatever you want to call it . I , Well , there , there 's a Conway Twitty twang , then there 's the , uh , Dolly Parton , uh , Hollywood sound . Yeah , yeah , 

that 's more , even more commercialized for of -- Yeah . -- country music . But , uh , it 's getting , uh , uh , getting pretty big everywhere , as I see it . Garth Brooks is outselling Guns and Roses so , Yeah , I think some of them , the artists are even , uh , hitting the pop charts . Yeah , 

it 's , it 's kind of strange that it 's getting as big as it is . Concert tours for country and western sings is , it 's , it 's quite , quite odd , but , uh , I do n't know , it 's , music is kind of going an odd direction nowadays , I think . It 's becoming not necessarily good music , just popular music , you know . Hey , I , I , I think most artists are in to make a few bucks . Yeah , 

and that 's all it , But they 're not in it to say anything or give a message -- Yeah . -- which is what they were do- , late , late sixties , early seventies , they were -- That 's what it , -- they were definitely pushing a message . Yeah , that 's what , what you say , and , and then music is wrapped around now . Now , it 's the other way around . Yeah , I , I do n't , I do n't think Gun , at least to my mind , Guns and Roses does n't have too much of a message , too much to say . No , no , 

they do n't have anything really important you want to hear . But , you know , it 's kind of odd , it 's like , it does n't have to be good , it 's just who does it , you know . Uh-huh . You hear a , you hear a Paula Abdul song and you , and I think , if somebody else were to play that , you know , they would n't , they , nobody , everybody would think , that 's lousy , but because she did it , it 's supposed to be good , you know , it comes to the point where it 's your name , not what you do -- Right . -- more than anything . Madonna can do anything and it would be considered good because it 's Madonna , you know . Right . Madonna could start playing folk music and folk music would be huge just because Madonna does it , so -- Uh-huh . -- it 's , it 's , it 's really backwards how things are working now but , Yeah , i- , i- , it 's the artist , not the merit . Yeah , exactly . So , I do n't know , I , I do n't know that that 's , I do n't think that 's a good thing at all , but that 's , that 's what the , point we 've reached , so I do n't know how -- Yeah . -- how much farther we can digress before we have to turn it around and go the other way , at least . Well , I do n't know , I know for myself that , uh , for the most part , I do n't know which artist is which , so I listen to a song , I either like the song or I do n't like it -- Yeah . -- and then if I really like the song , eventually I 'll figure out who it was . Yeah . Yeah , that 's about how I am on popular music . 

I do n't , you know , you do n't , I do n't know enough about it because I just listen , uh , everything I listen to is what I buy , not whatever they play on the radio so , Well , you have to figure out what to buy , 

or do you just buy along the same artist ? Uh , I , yeah , I just mostly buy along the same lines all the time . I do n't really switch around to new things very often . Yeah . It 's just , it 's , you know , it 's way to hectic and too confusing . Yeah , so you keep buying the same artists until you do n't like an album , then you stop ? Uh , yeah , generally , 

or , about the only new music I hear is somebody else that I know -- Yeah . -- will buy something new that I have n't heard and I listen to it that way , but as far as , yeah , I do n't go out on a limb and buy something new very often unless I 've heard it . Yeah , see , that 's one thing I like about the , uh , some of the folk music scenes , you know , there 's a couple of nice , uh , small coffee houses up in New Jersey . Yeah . And , it 's very nice , 

you go into the coffee house and , you know , an artist is there and very often the artist will have a d- , an album and , so if you like the artist , you buy the album . Yeah . So you definitely get to try before you buy . Yeah , yeah , 

that 's definitely I , You know , it , you , you , you do n't always quite get it right , 