

All right , do you do exercise ? I do , yes , I , uh , uh , I guess it actually changes , I do a number of different things -- Uh-huh . -- simply walking with my wife -- Right . -- and sometimes my daughter will come along on her little bicycle . Uh , and then moving up , I run -- Uh-huh -- in the mornings , not every morning , it probably averages about two days a week -- Right . -- and then with my wife I actually go to the gym and lift weights , which is n't , I understand , quite exercising , but it 's along the lines , Right . How about yourself . Well , um , that 's a hard question to answer because I do physical things , but I do n't always set out for them to be exercise . Uh-huh . I walk with my parents , occasionally , nothing 's real regular about this because I have a weird schedule and they have a normal schedule , 

and , um , I play racquetball , but I have n't since I 've been out of school . I do n't have anywhere to do that , but that 's going to start soon again -- Uh-huh . -- and , um , I play softball once a week , which is kind of more recreation than exercise . Uh-huh . Because I really do n't like to exercise , I think that 's the basic point of it , is I 'm not , I , I do n't enjoy it -- Right . -- if I know that it 's exercise , but if it 's like a social activity or a recreational activity , I do n't mind -- Right . -- so I have to disguise it , it 's like feeding little babies food and telling them it 's something else so that they 'll eat it . That 's right . That 's kind of the same thing for me . I have to not know that it 's exercise so I can do it . Right . So you look at it more as a task . Well , yeah , if it 's exercise , it 's a task . Right . I do n't want to do anything I have to do . I see . I mean , I 'll voluntarily clean the bathroom , but I wo n't do it if I have to do it . Right , right . So , I 'm thirty-two years old -- Uh-huh . -- which is probably different than yourself -- Right , 

I 'm twenty-two . -- and so , it 's interesting that as you get older you begin to understand that you need to exercise . Right . My job at Texas Instruments , I have to sit in front of a computer all day and make phone calls , so , that , I do n't get any exercise doing that -- Right . -- and plus there 's a build up of stress -- Uh-huh . -- so I need to go out and take those walks after dinner , and I need to go out in the morning and run or I 'll just get nuts -- Right . -- so that 's kind of a motivator , so even though I can look at it as a task , the , you know , I kind of get the , I get some kind of global benefit -- Right . -- from the whole thing by saying , Well , I 'm lowering my chance of heart attack , and thus , that type stuff . Eating right and no cholesterol and all that . Sure , that all , I , I do all that . Yeah , we , 

I 'm sure , I will do , I 'm doing that more and more than I used to -- Yeah . -- I 'm getting better about this knowing that I need exercise and doing it , but it 's still at the task stage . Right . Is it a pleasure for you , or are you , Well , it 's a , 

something as simple as a walk with my wife is very enjoyable . Right . I do that at the end of the day , and it takes , you know , that , that during that time the stress from the day goes away . I get to share whatever I did with my wife , and , and vice versa . Right . Going to the gym is , is actually something different than , than , like , oh , and the running , and I enjoy that too . Uh-huh Year , I 've been running since high school -- Oh . -- on track teams and the like , so , running , I , I 'm at that point which you probably get to after about six months of dedicated -- Uh-huh . -- running where you do n't feel your muscles any more -- Right , -- and you do n't think about the pain of it . You , you , you take the time to relax some how and you think about other things . During those first few months you have to think about running and why your elbow hurts and -- Uh-huh . -- why you ca n't breathe and this and that , and that 's no fun . And it 's so hard to get past that for a lot of people . Right , that 's , I never got past that stage . Yeah , the ex- , the , uh , weight lifting on the other hand is actually , you know , I think I look better . Right . I have just a , I do n't , I 'm not a huge person , I 'm just a regular looking guy , but just going to lift weights on occasion with my wife , and my wife thinks the same thing about both me and herself -- Uh-huh . -- that get that little bit of definition in your muscles is , is attractive -- Right . -- so that pays also . That 's good . Yeah , so , so I guess that aspect of that takes away the work -- Yeah . -- the , with my wife , which is nice , I love her , you know , I enjoy being with her -- Uh-huh . -- I guess that 's one thing , but also , uh , that , that long term benefit of a little bit of tone in your muscles . Right , that 's it , I do the occasional push up and sit up . 

I have n't really brought myself to go to the -- Yeah . -- the gym , because that 's very stressful to me , because I feel , I felt real competitive there , and I need to find some place I could go and not feel like there 's all these people who are just huge and hulking that are ... Oh , yeah , I do n't , I do n't let that bother me , but , yeah , that 's something that comes with time , too . Right . You know , I 'll tell you , the sit ups and push ups are excellent -- Uh-huh . -- you know , it 's your own , you , you 're , you 're struggling against your own body weight -- Right . -- you can d , have variety by putting your feet higher or lower , by putting your arms further apart or closer together , by doing them real quick or real slow -- Right . -- and you can actually get a good wo- , you can , I know in the push up , at least , you can get chest muscles and the back of your arms quite built up -- Uh-huh . -- just doing push ups . 

That 's a good idea , but I do have my ride , we have a stationary bicycle and a stair step machine here at the house . Oh , is that right . I 'll do those once in a while just -- Right . -- you know , like -- Yeah . -- at eleven thirty when Love Connection 's on -- Right . -- and I ca n't sleep , I 'll get up -- -- and stair step for half an hour -- That 's funny . 

-- so . Yeah . It 's , I guess , pretty , pretty healthy , but I do n't have a regular plan , that 's -- Yeah . -- I need to get started on that . Well , may- , you know , maybe not . 

I 'd say , I 'd say at twenty-two you do n't necessarily need a plan as long as you 're getting , getting the exercise otherwise . Right . When your life becomes sedentary is when you have to make yourself a -- Uh-huh . -- plan , and what 's real funny about plans is that there 's a struggle between , uh , when you , when you add something to your life , when you add a plan to your life , something else has to go away -- Uh-huh . -- and that 's the hard decision , is , okay , if I 'm going to run in the mornings , what am I , what do I trade it off for . Well , the answer 's -- Sleep . -- sleep , right . If I 'm going to walk at night , what do I trade it off for . Well , Star Trek -- Uh-huh . -- or , you know , it , it , it 's always trade offs , and you actually -- Yeah . -- have to , as you get older you have to really think what can go , and what , to , to , to replace this thing . It 's , I mean , not just exercise , but anything . It 's -- Right . -- very hard . And , uh , I do n't , I do n't think you should worry about not having a program yet . That 'll come -- Yep . -- some day when I , Yeah , I guess if you care , or if your wife , your future wife , uh , gives you a reason to care -- Right . 

-- which helps . Well , I hope so . . Well , I think we covered it . Yeah , sounds good . 

Nice talking with you , Craig . Yeah , you too . Have a nice day . You too . Good day . Bye . Bye . 