

Uh , I guess I 've had to return something but I 'm ca , ca n't decide , mostly it 's been because I did n't like the color , Uh-huh . or , um , I 'm not sure whether I 've had to return that many things , uh , Well , I 'm having a problem right now with a computer that we 've just returned . Oh , are you ? So , for me it 's actually a pretty good topic . Okay , good , so , we 'll talk about that some . Yeah , well , we could talk about that , and then we could talk a bit about , um , just quality of products in general , Right . if y- , they 're better or worse like if they last longer or something like that . Okay , 

I 'm going to let you kind of lead the pack , because you sound like you 're , I- , let me tell you just a little bit about myself . I , for years I did all that shopping and whatnot , but for the last four or five years I 've had eye problem , Oh . and I 've had two cornea transplants . Shopping is no fun anymore . I can imagine . Well , see I do n't , I ca n't see good enough , you know , and , uh , it 's hard to tell what I 'm doing , and it 's just aggrav , You ca n't read labels and you ca n't , Oh , I just thought of something we have to return . Good . There you go . All right . It , it 'll come to us , okay ? . Okay . Are you ready ? Yeah . Laurie , all right . Right . All right , uh , tell me about your computer , Laurie , I think that sounds fascinating . 

Well , we bought a computer because my husband needed to use it to do some work for a consulting project , and we called up the company and asked them details on it . We bought it sort of , your not a name brand because the clones are so much cheaper . Uh-huh . And we called up the company that somebody else we knew had dealt with , and they were very happy with the system , and they felt they 've gotten a good price . And we went in , we explained what we needed and yes we had to go across the George Washington Bridge to New Jersey to get , to meet these people . Uh-huh . And so we went there , we told them about the stuff and the guy said , uh , that the computer would fit our needs . And we , these things wo n't make any sense to you probably but he told us there were , Uh-huh . we need user positions to put our own equipment in the computer . Oh , yes . And it 's called a user boards or slots is what it 's called . Uh-huh . And he told us there 's two sixteen bit slots and two eight bit , sorry , two six- , four sixteen bit slots and two eight bit slots available for the user , and we can put full size cards in there . 

And so we said , great , you know , we 'll buy it , and we put in our order . And a week later we went back and picked up the computer . And then we got it home and tried to put our own board in it and there 's only one slot we could put it in . Oh , lovely . And at this point we only have one board so it was n't so bad so we used it a bit , but we tried to figure out whether we could put three in because we really need to be able to put at least three in . Huh . And , Oh , no , the computer was supposed to have two . 

Well , it has them but the problem is that you ca n't put the type of card that we need to put in it , in it . Oh , I see . And even though they told us in advance that you could , they told us there would be no problem because , you know , I see . the salesman just does n't really know . In some ways it has more to do with the people who sold it . They probably did n't know what they were talking about . Right . 

That 's completely it . The salesman did n't know . Right . So , we went back in , and we struck an agreement with the people who said change the casing it comes in so that we could put in extra boards . Huh . Okay . So they did that . And we said are you sure this will work , we do n't want you to go through the work and then find out that this does n't really work anyway , and et cetera , and they 're , they were doing it at their own costs . And so we said , fine . And we went back and we talked to the MUMBLEx person a second time and things like that , and then we come , we get the computer home , my husband goes to pick it up last week and we could n't go get it sooner because I just had the baby , and , Uh-huh . you know , life 's just a little bit complicated . Uh-huh . And , uh , he goes and gets it , brings it home , first of all they 're missing components of it like cables so you ca n't really test it out . And then second thing , we still ca n't put the boards in , Oh , jeez . because they have other things blocking where we need to do it . Huh . And see now we 're dealing with having to bring it back again and they say they can , you know , do something different and change some connectors and we hope so , but it 's a hassle . Yeah , 

it really is . You kn , you know , it 's just this problem with sales people just not knowing what goes on . Right , and , and so much time goes past before you finally get any kind of satisfaction . Right . I think that 's the worst part . I , So , well , actually some things are pretty good with that because I put it on a gold credit card and I just called the credit card company and explained to them the situation , and they said , well , you do n't have to pay for it yet . Now that 's an advantage , is n't it ? Yes . It really is . 

I think , uh , uh , there 's a lot not to be said for credit but that 's one thing to be said for credit . It , how , Yeah . it gets you some muscle where you need it . Right . So , and so , you know , And I think that 's really important . 

Well , because these guys if they , um , give us a hard time we 're going to say , you , look , you know , if , if you ca n't fix this to our satisfaction , Yeah . we 're just returning the computer . That 's right . That 's right . And if we do that , I just tell the credit card company , do n't pay the charge , That 's right . even though they 've already paid it . No . But they 'll just , you know , Yeah , they will , undo the credit that they did to them . That 's right . They will , Yeah . they will put the kind of clout on them that you ca n't really do . Right . Yeah . And , We , Hal bought me , uh , uh , small , uh , well , uh , uh , , little jam box kind of thing so I 'd , my , I have my ninety-three year old mother living with us , and so I , she does n't remember anything but to keep her entertained , music and some of these things do help . Uh-huh . 

And I thought well , if I had , uh , a nic , a nice little , um , tape recorder , you know , so that I could put some good music on in there for her every once in a while . And then also so that I can , uh , uh , copy , uh , parts off , I , I do some musicals and things like this and if I can copy sections off that I can use someplace so I figured well this will be good . Uh-huh . Well , the first , uh , uh , the first time I turned it on , uh , I was recording , and the next thing I knew the tape was chewed up in the , Oh , no . thing . Okay , so after that then you could n't get a , you could n't get a tape to play at the right speed in that side . Uh-huh . And then on the other side , when I , when I , uh , I loa , loaned it to my daughter the other day to take it over to , uh , to , uh , videotaping they were doing , 

and she says it 's wrong too because the little thing pokes out too far , and so you ca n't , you ca n't get it to run the right , the right way , Uh-huh . either , so , uh , 

What brand is it ? Do you know ? Yeah , so I , I wish I could tell you I really do n't know which brand it is . It 's , But I was wondering like , you know in our case where we knew we were buying a copy we were n't buying , Yeah . on I B M P C and I was wondering if you , No , 

I think this is a , I think this is maybe a name brand and I suspect that it 's probably , just a fluke , you know . I have the papers and everything and we 're going to get , just take it back but , uh , Uh-huh . Do you buy it at some major store ? Yeah , I think just , uh , just , uh , one of the maj , major , I think it was a , you know , I do n't , I think it was , uh , you know , like a Highlands or something like this . Highlands , MUMBLEx chain down there that I do n't know up here . 

Do they have Highlands up there ? Nope . Do n't they ? Well , this is , is was a regular , uh , electronics store , you know . Uh-huh . So , I do n't think , I do n't think there will be too much problem but I , I guess I 'm not sure whether I think things are not made as well . I think they deliberately sometimes , um , I think a lot of things are not made as well . Do n't you ? What , what , for instance , what are you , Um , oh , wel- , of course , it 's hard to think of an exact example , Yeah . but I think that , um , That 's good they 're getting a kind of a , attitude of , I jus- , not , yeah , I just have , well , I like electronic stuff , Yeah . you know for one thing . I know their , work , you know , cars I think are not made , Well , as well as they could be . Yeah . Yeah , Um , I think that 's right . The fact that , because I , they want people to replace it after , Right . a couple of years . The fact that they , that they have competition with the Japanese and whatnot sometimes , uh , dwells on a fact that , you know , uh , I 've had , I 've known people who have had Toyotas for years that have had almost no repair work to do on them . Uh-huh . Well , they may cost a little more , but they do n't have to take them to the shop every other day . Yeah , I had a Toyota and I loved it . Yeah . My Toyota did , It does the , really well . it did a good job , so , part of it is that we need to develop more of a , of a pride in , in , uh , the kinds of things we do so we make them better . Good . Yeah . And it kind of has to start from the top and , and go clea- , or from the bottom maybe and go clear up . People , Well , I think part of the problem comes in sort of shoddy workmanship . The people just do n't care about , No . what they 're doing . Yeah . You know , the whole , nobody cares , no , nobody 's , Yeah . really paying , Attitude is , is just get me my dollar so I can go do what I want to do , and , MUMBLEx on , Right , 

give me my paycheck , so I can go home . what I 'm doing , right . I think that 's too bad . And it 's a shame too because , uh , when you get right down to it most things , there is n't any , if you do a good job , nobody can pay you enough . There is n't , Yeah . any way to get paid enough . But if you do a good job , you feel enough satisfaction , so whatever you 're paid is enough . Yeah , and also I think , well , I do research 

and so I 'm used to sort of being underpaid for whatever work gets done . Uh-huh . But , and you get satisfaction out of it . That 's right , And , I think they underestimate how much , how much value the satisfaction But I think a lot of it , you know , I think things come both from the , uh , individual side and also from the company side because the companies that , let , give the attitude that , well , you know , you 're the last one hired so you 'll be the first one fired , and we just want you to do your day 's work , Yeah . and we do n't really care about you , Yeah . 

as an individual . When you 've got that type of attitude on it , the people do n't care , No . about their work . And so , 

It probab- , it probably basically goes right back into the h- , home though unfortunately . Starts with the one person that , you know , and so you need to really work hard at helping your kids to understand that there is value just in work for itself without any pay , you know . Little value just in whatever you do . Yeah . The , Doing a good job of it . the , the that the value is in doing it well and , 