

Okay , looks like we 're ready to go . Capital punishment , uh , the problem I have with capital punishment is that , uh , uh , it 's supposed to be a deterrent to crime , but I do n't think that it really actually does that . I do n't think it deters anybody , because most of the time crimes are , uh , are committed with a , without any thought to the consequences and they do n't think that , uh , stop and think and say , well , maybe I should n't do this , uh , because , uh , I might get the gas chamber or something like that . They worry about it afterwards and then they try and get out of it . And , uh , how about you ? 

Well , I think that in some cases , it is warranted . Uh-huh , I do , too , yep . And I do n't , 

I think in some cases it does n't matter if it 's a deterrent or not . Uh-huh , yeah , you still have to do it . I , I mean -- I , 

-- I mean , I 'm thinking of an extreme case like a serial murderer -- Uh-huh . -- or , So you 're in , you 're in favor of capital punishment , then . Well , for some things . Right . 

I think for serial murder -- Uh-huh . -- it is warranted because if a person who would do something like that in cold -- Uh-huh . -- blood , Needs to be punished or , uh , eliminated from society . I mean , you ca n't guarantee that they would n't escape -- Right . -- from prison -- And then do it all over again . -- and do it again . Uh-huh . And I do n't think that , that rehabilitation is effective . Right . Have to agree with you , and I 'm kind of i- , in favor of capital punishment also . 

I just do n't think that it acts much as a deterrent to these people because , uh , you still see them committing the same crimes , but , I tend to agree with you that , uh , we should have it . I just , I do n't know that it 's always effective , but I guess we , uh , we 're kind of stuck with it . It 's , it 's a difficult , uh , problem , is n't it , to determine how you 're going to punish somebody for a particular crime , uh , But , then , you know , I think that , that some murderers do n't really warrant capital punishment . Uh-huh . You know , just , like , for example , uh , you know , you hear about cases where women have killed their husbands -- Uh-huh . -- who abused them -- Right , uh-huh . 

-- and I do n't think , that would really warrant capital punishment . Uh-huh , huh . Do you think they should be punished at all , or , uh , like go to prison , uh , because they 're not really a danger to society . It was almost really self defense , is n't it , in a case like that . Uh , it is to a certain extent -- Uh-huh . -- but I think , I do n't know because , I know they put , uh , put them in jail sometimes , I guess . Uh , I think in s- , and it , just would depend upon the circumstances -- Uh-huh . -- and , and the extent of the abuse -- Uh-huh . -- and , and if another alternative was -- Um . -- available . Uh-huh . You know , now , I wonder what you think about this and , uh , unfortunately , we , we do n't get to do it , but , uh , it used to be a long time ago , I guess in Biblical times when they had punishment , if somebody did something , for example , to your family , then you had the right to administer the punishment . So if somebody killed somebody in your family , then you had the right to , uh , if that person was caught and found guilty , you had the right to , uh , execute that person . And I know that , uh , if somebody had done something to my family , I would feel that I had the right to , to get revenge on them and , uh , but , I , I do n't think that 's done much anywhere . That 's kind of drastic punishment . Well , I think that would be kind of drastic punishment . Right . And , 

Might make you feel better but , But , one thing , I think that if there is a chance for rehabilitation -- Uh-huh . -- then that chance sh , should be investigated . Right . But , like I said , if , if someone is , is just pathologically -- Uh-huh . -- going to murder people no matter what -- Right . -- then I think they should be eliminated from -- Uh-huh . -- society . Right , because they 're a danger to everybody else . Huh , that 's interesting . I have to , uh -- But , -- agree with that . There 's a lot of folks , probably , that are in prison that , uh , that are n't really a danger to society , huh , and , uh , And a lot of people that are a danger -- Right . -- to society that are n't in prison . Right , probably more of them then the other way around . Interesting . I do n't , I do n't , not sure I , I 'm in Washington , D C or at least very close to it . I 'm not sure what kind of , uh , capital punishment we have here . Well , I know in North Carolina , we do have capital punishment . Uh-huh . 

And I 'm in , I 'm from South Carolina . 