

Well , uh , ho , how do you view this whole subject ?  Are you , uh , one who feels like you have , have benefited from the change in , in roles in women ? Or , or what do you think ? Oh , yeah I , yeah , I think so . Uh-huh . Yeah , there 's been a lot of changes . 

I think there 's still a lot to be made , though . Yes , oh , yes , I think so . Uh-huh . Are you , uh , are you someone who works outside your home , or have you , Yeah , yeah 

I work for T I . Oh , yes , Uh-huh . well , uh , have there been significant changes , uh , do you think in the employment place , ex- , especially , uh , say at T I . Uh-huh . Have , has anything in particular changed that you have noticed ? Uh , During your time there . Uh , I guess there 's more women in , uh , what would be classified as a man 's job . Yeah , uh-huh . What , what kind of work do you do ? I am a drafter . Uh-huh . I am in a man 's job . Right . But we have got more women in it now . Yes , yes . There 's a lot of us in it . Yes , uh , So . yes in years past , I know , in fact , even , even the word drafter has changed , Uh . because , it used to be they were draftsman . Uh-huh , 

we have some engineers that still , on their , uh , the drawings that they mark up for us they put draftsman . Right . And I want to scratch it out and put drafter . But I thought , well I am , Maybe not , huh . not going to do that . Well , uh , I , when I was in college , I graduated from college with my bachelor 's degree in nineteen sixty-four . Uh-huh . And I was a math major , which was a real rarity , Yeah . among women at that time . Yeah . 

So , I was in a lot of classes where , uh , there , I was either the only girl or , you know , one of just a very , Uh-huh . few women in the class . Uh-huh . So , that was a change and , uh , even , uh , I did not , uh , use my math , uh , in my work , I , I became a technical writer . Uh-huh . But , uh , even so , there were very , very few women in technical writing . Yeah . But , that has changed a lot . Oh , yeah . In recent years it has just really , really changed a lot . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , and I think that , uh , you know , the one thing that I have seen is that more and more women are getting into management ,  but I think they have got a long way to go . Oh , definitely , definitely . There was something on T V the other day that said that fewer than one or two percent of the heads of , uh , chairmen of the board , chair- , chair persons , uh , if you sa- , if you will , Uh-huh . of the board are women in this country . Uh-huh . And I thought that , you know , that 's pretty si- , a pretty significantly small number . Yeah . So , there are some , some strides to be made there . Yeah , yeah . But , uh , I do not know , I , I think we have come a long way , Uh-huh . actually , Uh-huh . when I think about , you know , when things were like even , when I , you know , just when I was in high school , Uh-huh . and how it is now for girls . Yeah , And , uh , yeah . Do you , uh , I guess my , I , uh , the one , my one bad thing is that I am , that I wish my mother had had some of those opportunities , because , I think she would have really , she rea- , would have succeeded in a lot of ways , Uh-huh . that men , that women were not able to succeed , Uh-huh . in her , Uh-huh . generation . Exactly . So , anyway . Do you have children ? No , huh-uh . I was going to say do you have daughters . That 's always a good question . Do you ? Yes . In fact , I have a daughter who is in a , a , who just graduated in civil engineering , from college . Oh , wonderful . So , she is pretty much , although there were some other women in her class , Uh-huh . she was , you know , uh , one of the minorities , Uh-huh , uh-huh . uh , females in the class . Uh-huh . So , she definitely entering into , uh , a male profession . Oh , yeah . But , uh , Yeah . But , you know , MUMBLEx for instance there are , there is the organization women , the Society of Women MUMBLEx Engineers , Uh-huh . so , that is recognized , Uh-huh . as , uh , you know , a place where women should be . Uh-huh , uh-huh . But , uh , I do not know , I , you see it in , uh , also in , uh , like in church , uh , where more and more women are becoming ministers . Oh , yeah . In , uh , you know , in protestant congregations and , uh , it will be interesting to see if , if Roman Catholicism ever , uh , recognizes women in ,  in the role of priest . I do , I do not know if you are Roman Catholic or , No , huh-uh . you know , what you know about that . Uh-huh . I am not either , but , uh , that is one area where it , that I can see might change , but I really doubt will change . Yeah , yeah .  Not for a long time anyway . No , 

probably not . Huh-uh .  So , uh , uh , how about , what in particular would you think that , uh , women still , other than the work place , where women still are being , uh , oh , you know , MUMBLEx found wanting , you know , or not re , as highly regarded as men would be . Uh , I was just trying to think . Oh , I know something . Uh-huh . Maybe you could te- , what do you think that , what do you think , tell me what you think about this . Uh-huh . The , uh , the , uh , the role of women in combat roles during the war ? Oh , oh . Because , I know that there , now there , they want the armed forces to recognize that women can serve in combat roles . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And the only , uh , branch in the armed fo- , services that seems willing to do that is the Air Force . And , Huh . uh , I spoke because women were filing , flying missions into , you know , for whatever reason , into , uh , in the Persian Gulf war . Yeah , yeah . And so . But I know some of the other services do not think that women are capable of doing the job .  It was real interesting , they were . I was listening to some of the comments on ra- , television the other day , Uh-huh . uh , about it , and , uh , one of , one of the men who was a , I do not know if he was a general or , you know , what his rank was , very high . Uh-huh . He said , MUMBLEx it 's just a personal thing with me . 

I mean , I can not be real , you know I can not tell you why I feel this way , but I just would rather have , uh , a man doing some of these jobs than a woman . I thought , well , at least he was honest . But , that does not sit very well with a lot of folks , I am sure . There 's some men out there that are more feminine than most women . Yeah , right . You know , Neil , well Neil as far as I am concerned , and MUMBLEx I could be wrong about this , but the only one area where a woman could not do it is if she just physically did not have the strength , Yeah , yeah , 

to do something . yeah . Uh , because , I would think , I think , you know , mentally , uh , and emotionally , I think women can handle a job and , Oh , I do too . every bit as well . So -- Uh-huh , uh-huh . -- anyway it 's still MUMBLEx , 

And , you know , if she wanted to go to combat , Sure . I do not see that they should stop her . I personally would not want to go but , No , I would not either . No , I agree 

but I am sure that there are women who would , would relish that , Oh , yeah , yeah . you know , kind of job . So , Uh-huh . Uh , I guess that should be taken into consideration , Uh-huh , as well . uh-huh . So , well , this is an interesting topic ,  um , I have , you know , I have , having a daughter who has gone into this , into engineering , Uh-huh . I sort of watched progress to see if she did anything differently than I did . Uh-huh . She 's a lot more forthright about her opinions and , Good . a little more assertive , than I think I was . So , that 's , that 's progress , I guess . Yeah . Well , I have enjoyed talking with you Lisa , and , Well , same here . Uh , have you talked with a lot of people in this project or , Well , I am not a home , at home a lot . Yeah . I am at work right now . 

Oh , yeah . I put my work number , but , at home , uh , the recorder gets my calls . 

Oh , yeah . Usually , I am not there , Right , but I probably talked to seven or eight people . Yeah , well , Uh-huh . that 's great , that 's good . I personally have not made any calls yet , myself , I , Yeah . just , it never crosses my mind . Yeah . Well , But I enjoy receiving them . Yeah , well , Uh-huh , uh-huh . that 's good , that 's good , 

because , uh , I ,  I guess I placed all but one or two of my calls . Uh-huh , uh-huh . And , uh , only because I going to make some money , see we , our choir is doing this as a money ma- , raising project . Uh-huh . We , we got the connection through a T I , uh , church member . Uh-huh . And , uh , uh , so we are doing it to raise money for , uh , a large project at church , Uh-huh . and , uh , so I feel like this is one way I can contribute that 's Yeah . not too painful . That 's wonderful . Financially painful , anyway .  It 's just real nice that way so , uh , I thought , well I will just get on the stick and do it . Yeah , that 's great . Well , I will say good-bye to you , Okay . but I have enjoyed the conversation . Well , thanks for calling . Thank you . Uh-huh . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 