

All right . All right . What are some of your favorite foods ? Mine , well , I imagine in Argentina you 've got some great foods . Yeah , well , we got , um , a lot of , uh , European dishes . Uh-huh . We got , we got what some people call the best beef in the world . Yes . So it 's , uh , Bishu , like every Sunday you go out , and you buy all these parts of the cow , and then you just cook them over a grill . That 's , like , in our house , it 's already built in . There 's this whole special place in the back so you can make a barbecue . I 've had , I 've had that meal in New York , uh , where they bring you a plank , sort of , with all this wonderful beef -- Yeah . -- parts of beef , cooked and barbecued -- Yeah . 

-- and it 's marvelous MUMBLEx . And then . I have to find a place around here that has that . Well , they have one in , uh , they have an Argentinean place down in Georgetown . So . Okay , I 'll keep that in mind , yeah . Um . You serve that yourself , or the , for a family ? Excuse me ? You ever serve that yourself when you have company ? Oh , no , well , see , the problem is , I 'm only twenty-two -- Uh-huh . -- but like , like when I 'm down at home -- Yeah . -- and like somebody says okay , when are , when are we having this , you know , and I 'll cook it . Oh . You know , like you have to prepare the fire , and then put the sausages on , and then , you know , you put all these different meats which take different times . Do you buy them , um , separately at , you know , an American grocery store now , or do you have to , you do n't , you do n't go buy it from a wholesaler . No , 

but what happens is in Argentina they have like all these little places -- Little butcher shops , yeah . -- like the fruit stand , and , you know , the dairy , and products and whatever , and so . Yeah , I 've lived in Mexico , so I know . And so they got , they got the meat place . Yeah . And so you just go there and , you ca n't find chicken there , you got to go to another place to find the chicken . Yeah , you have to , you have poultry place . What do you , what other , what dishes do you serve with it ? Well , basically , it 's , what we call it impenadas -- Yeah . -- which is , which is , like , The turnover , the stuffed turnover . Right , meat turnovers . Oh , I love those , uh-huh . And , then we also put sausages on a bun , and then that 's , that 's to start out with . Yeah . And then what you have is also like , you know , like three different kinds of salad . Uh-huh . And uh , that 's about it . 

Do you remember when you were in Washington , Sam the Argentine baker ? Uh , no . It used to be in Georgetown , years ago . He moved , I guess he , he retired and went back to Argentina , I guess , in nine- , the early seventies . Oh , okay . Yeah , so that mus- , that 's before your time . Yeah . Your parents might remember if they were here then . No , we were only there for two years . Okay . I mean , he was wonderful . We used to get the most marvelous impenadas and other -- Yeah . -- Argentine things . And , uh , what I , what I also eat now , since I graduate , I have an Italian roommate , and , Yeah , I 'm Italian . Are you ? Uh-huh . And since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta . 

Yeah , well , And , you know , Because there 're many Italians in Argentina . Yeah , and my mom , you know , like makes -- Uh-huh . -- like what we call niokes , and -- Uh-huh , yeah . -- all this stuff , that it 's just , you know , everything like lasagna and everything . My grandparents , my grandfather came to the United States through Argentina . Oh , okay . This was around the turn of the century . Yeah , yeah . Actually , actually a little bit later , like nineteen thirteen , nineteen twelve , nineteen thirteen . At one point , one third of the population of Argentina was Italian . Like pure Italians . well , I 'll tell you , it 's interesting , because when we cook here , I 'm of Italian descent . My husband is Chinese . Okay . So we , and we both love Continental cooking , French cooking . Okay . So we cook , uh , our meals are , well , we do n't , we do n't usually mix . I mean , that sometimes -- Right . -- well , if we 're entertaining we 'll do a Chinese recipe -- -- and , um , there are really easy recipe that is , you know , with Chinese you always have several dishes . Yeah . And nowadays with microwaves , you can steam many of the things in a microwave . Yeah . I do n't know if you have one . Yeah . And if you like Chinese food , you can take filet of fish -- Okay . -- and put a little bit of soy sauce and a little bit of sesame oil on top of it -- Okay . -- and chop some scallions and a little ginger -- Okay . -- and just cover it with some , uh , waxed paper and steam it just until the fish is done , and it 's a wonderful -- Is it ? -- um , flavorful piece of fish . Yeah . Because I was at , you know , it 's like , when you , when you go buy fish , you know -- Uh-huh . 

-- well like I buy like the fish so you can do it in the microwave -- Uh-huh . -- the breaded fish , and yeah , I 've seen , you know , the filet . Yeah , buy a fresh filet of fish , a nice one at the fish mar- , the fish counter . What kind of fish ? Um , any white fish . Sole is good , uh , um , flounder -- Okay . -- sole or flounder is real good . And even grouper . So we put soy sauce and sesame . Little bit of soy sauce and sesa- , sesame seed oil . Okay . And , not too much soy sauce . Uh , some chopped up scall- , um , you know , slivers of scallions . Okay . And slivers of ginger . And then just cover it and put it in the microwave for just , just two , say two minutes , check it after two minutes to see if the fish flakes . And if the fish flakes , it 's done . Do n't overcook it though . Okay , because I got , I got , um , one of those little , uh , microwaves , the ones that take forever to boil a cup of water . Well , you see , just check it , you know , during , Yeah . And another quick dish if you like , um , do you know what hoi sin sauce is , it 's that sweet Chinese sauce ? No , I do n't . Well if you go in a Chinese store ask for hoi sin , H O I S I N . Wait , wait , wait , H , 

H O I , H O I , S I N , or S E N -- S I N , -- either way they 'll spell it . Hoi Sin sauce . It 's a very sweet dark , sort of a purplish plum sauce , purplish brown . 

And if you take , uh , little pieces of pork and you fry them , like little cubes of pork . Okay . And you fry them with garlic and a little bit of , couple dashes of hot pepper -- Okay . -- and then mix some hoi sin sauce with sherry , just a little sherry -- Okay . -- to thin it , and stir that in . You can even put a spoon of ketchup in , and that makes a great pork dish with a sort of a spicy sweet sauce , that you can serve over rice . Uh , how much , uh , how much pork do you buy -- 

Um , well , -- for two people . For two people , um , Amer , if it 's American style , I buy a half a pound . If , you know , we , if you 're just serving that , but if you 're serving another dish with it , say the rice dish -- Right . -- um , well , with guys pretty healthy appetites , I 'd probably go a third of a pound and then , you know , you could , Yeah , I could probably go half a pound . And you can always , you can always heat it up again , and save , you know . So , it 's just , it 's just , since I 'm from Argentina , I just love meat . Yeah . And we , You can also do the same thing using , um , if you have ground beef . Okay . Just stir fry the ground beef . Drain off the oil . Use the same hoi sin sauce and some of the frozen mixed vegetables . Okay . Just stir that in and you 've got a very colorful side , another dish . And how much does it cost ? Um , the hoi sin sauce ? Yeah . Oh , a dollar twenty-nine a can . Oh , okay . A can would serve you for , for , you know , for quite a few , um , meals , you know . Yeah . Okay , I thought it was maybe like , you know , like five fifty or something . Oh , no , no , no , no , no it 's not expensive at all . It 's one of the Chinese cooking basics . Oh , okay . Yeah , well listen , it was good talking with you . Same here . Hope you enjoy your recipe . All right . Thank you . Okay . Bye-bye . Bye-bye . 