

Hello . Hello . Hey , how you doing ? Not bad , not bad . 

What 's your name ? Fernando . Fernando . My name is Nick . Wait . Let me turn off my stereo here . Sure . Because I 've been , like , waiting , like , for about ten minutes to get connected to somebody . Really ? Yeah . Phew . Man , I 'm , Yeah . What time is it over th- , are you , are you in Dallas ? No , no . I 'm in Detroit . Or not Detroit . I 'm in , uh , California . Are you ? Yeah . I . Because every time I got through , I went to Dallas , Texas . Really ? Yeah . I 'm in North Carolina . Oh . Well , you 're on the , uh , let 's see , 

On the other coast . Yeah , twenty-one . Yeah . Shoot man , it 's , what , midnight almost ? What ? Yeah , yeah . It 's , uh , 

I 'm watching SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE here . Yeah , okay . All right . Well I guess we 're supposed to talk , what about credit card ? W , wait . 

Wh , what did , how , how did you get to know about the T I thing ? Oh , one of my instructors , uh , said that they were doing something like this and . Wha , what are you working on ? 

A , a Masters in , uh , information systems . Really . I 'm doing my Masters in , in computer science and computer engineering . Yeah ? Where at ? At North Carolina State University . Hey . How do you like it out there ? Uh , I do n't . Because , uh , I come from a lot , a bigger city than this one and -- Yeah . -- I , I 'm in Raleigh and , Oh . 

Raleigh Durham . Yeah . Yeah . That area . And it 's really small . All , all you have is like towns built around universities . Uh-huh . Like Chapel Hill ? Yeah . So it , it 's basically a bunch of small towns anyway . Kind of quaint little towns 

but they -- Yeah . -- do n't have a whole lot there . Where you at ? Uh , well , I 'm in Monterey , California right now . Yeah . Oh , okay . 

So , so I mean , it 's like this , this town probably has like two hundred and fifty thousand people and that 's about it . Two hundred fifty ? Yeah . Okay . 

It , it 's , it 's a lot bigger than Monterey is . But we 're just , uh , just south of , uh , San Jose and San Francisco . Oh , okay . And it 's only a couple of hours away or a hour away to a , you know , to a large city . So , so where do you go ? Do you go to Berkeley ? No , no . I go to the , it 's the naval postgraduate school out here . 

Oh , okay . Because , uh , I was looking at , at the , doctorate degree in computer science center at Berkeley . Uh-huh . And they 're asking like for a , uh , G P A of like three point seven or something -- Uh-huh . -- like that . And like they 're looking like for , uh , G R E like ninety-nine percentile and this and that . Yeah . And it 's like , 

Well , that 's what they look for . Whether or not they get it is hard to say . Yeah , I know . That 's why , that 's why I did n't apply . 

I mean , it was like -- Yeah . -- for me , it was like practically impossible to get between like ninety and , ninety-nine percentile on the , on the verbal part . Yeah . It 's pretty tough . It 's pretty tough . I , uh , let 's face it , you know . And , you know , I , you know , did the , you know , as far as , I found it a lot of times with , regards to education , you know , the school only takes you so far , you know . It 's what you do . Yeah . You know . So , uh , I do n't lose any sleep , sleep over stuff like that . So , are , are you going to go for your Doctorate ? Probably not . See I 'm in the Navy . Yeah . And , uh , you know , most of the Navy funds that I probably wo n't do it until I , if I do do it , it will be after I get out of the Navy . 

When do you get out ? Oh , probably be another twelve years . Oh , okay . Oh , you know I like what I 'm doing right now . But , uh , but what if they pay for it ? 

Excuse me ? What if they pay for ? If they pay for a P H D ? Yeah . Nah , they wo n't pay for it . 

They 've , I think they have maybe two people a year go get , get their P H D . Because I know , I know a couple of people here that work for , uh , the Army . Uh , Yeah . They civilians or , uh , military ? I think , I think they 're military . But , I -- Uh-huh . -- mean , the guy is still in . Uh-huh . 

And , uh , h- , uh , he works over in Maryland . Uh-huh . And so he 's doing his Masters here . They gave him like a scholarship like for a year . Yeah . And he 's doing it in like , in a year and a summer . Uh-huh . And so he 's getting that and , uh -- Yeah . -- they said like they got a lot of benefits and that . That 's why you want to join . Uh-huh . But , uh , this guy , I mean you can earn a lot more money so you say , I go why you still there if you can earn a lot more money , once you 've get your , your , your Masters . Uh-huh . They go , well they got a lot of benefits that would go with it so . Well , a lot of times it 's , you know , a lot of times it 's not the money that keeps pe- , that keeps people in . Yeah . They , they like what they 're doing . They , you know , they feel good about what they 're doing . That type of thing . It 's more , 

But I mean , I mean , you , the , once you get your Masters , you can be earning between , anywhere between like thirty-seven , forty-five thousand a year . Uh-huh . And -- Oh , easily , I 'm sure . -- and that 's not what they 're paying . No . Well , it depends on what rank you are , of course . Yeah . Yeah , 

I know . I mean , like I say , if you 're , if you 're , you know , if you 're at an upper level in the rank category , you know , you 're probably pulling down close to seventy grand a year . Yeah . But that 's , uh , Yeah . Those are few and far between though . Yeah . It 's like , it 's like , uh , in I B M . In I B M , you can get certain points -- Uh-huh . 

-- and , uh , everyone 's a manager . But nobody can get one more point to become , you know , like whatever you need to earn so much money . Yeah . Since I imagine it 's fairly competitive . Yeah . 

It 's like , no I , I mean , I B M is like , there 's a joke about I B M which says , you know , it 's like , uh , all , all the major companies get into a , a boating race , right ? Uh-huh . And so , I B M says well we have , we have to have a team , right . Uh-huh . And then they come in last and they have this whole team , you know , analyze why they came in last right . Because the person asked for it . Yeah . Saying , he goes , uh , the problem was that there were five people saying row , row , row and one person rowing , right . So he goes , have you come up with a -lution , uh , have you come up with a solution ? They go , yeah , change the rower . You know , it 's like everyone 's a , manager but , you know , it 's like -- Yeah . -- only use like one person does the work so . 

Too many chiefs and not enough Indians . Yeah . So . Yeah . I do n't know , that can be , that , that can really slow you down . Yeah . Well , that 's the way it works . I mean , that 's , that 's why they 're having problems . I mean , everyone 's a manager and , I did n't realize that . Yeah . I mean , it 's like , it 's like the people that actually do the work there -- Uh-huh . -- are , uh , very few . And then the other people just plan it , you know . It 's like , it 's like have you , have -- MUMBLEx push paper around . -- have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the , with , uh , the think tank ? Uh-huh . You know , like all these people are just standing , sitting around , just going , you know , like what shall we do ? Has anybody thought of anything ? No . And then this guy from Federal , Federal Express comes along . They go what 's that ? This track which it 's going around the world and they can tell you where your package is anywhere , any time . Uh-huh . And so it 's like the same thing with I B M . You know , so they have this think tank . And they got to come up with ideas . But , see , uh , the , the thing is , that I B M is so stabilized that everybody will buy their stuff . Yeah . Oh , yeah . They 've got a , they 've got basically a , uh , you know , a lock on a lot of the market . Yeah . And a lot of times you figure , you know , with the support that they provide , you know , 

people generally go with that because they figure that the , you know , you probably wo n't get fired for getting I B M material . Whereas if you try something different , they 'll -- And it fails and you 're dead . 

-- they 'll say yeah , why did n't you buy , why did n't you try something more mainline . Yeah . Well I B M does n't fire anybody . Because -- No . -- uh , what they do is they , they put you in a different job . Uh-huh . Which y- , you actually are like sitting around not doing anything . So you quit . Uh . I mean that 's their policy . They never fire anybody unless you 're caught doing something illegally . Illegal or something like that , yeah . Yeah , like if you 're stealing something or doing anything like that . Uh-huh . But they wo n't let you off . What they 'll do is like suppose , you know , like you 're a manager . So they 'll put -- Uh-huh . -- you into keeping up the paper , you know . It 's like how much paper is going in ? And then you -- Uh-huh . -- say that 's not my job , so you quit . So , in other words , that 's the way they force -- Right . -- people out . That 's why they can say , you know , there 's no layoff -- Right . 

-- policy . But it does , they do n't really say that , you know , you 're , you 're always going to have great career -- Right . -- conditions . He- , hey , that 's kind of sad . No , 

but I mean , it 's like , it 's like they , they have just like different policy . I do n't know . My dad works for them but it 's like I B M like never in their commercials , they never put down any other company , you know . It 's like -- No . -- they wo n't say , Well , they 're the standard right now . Or as far as that goes , you know , people think of computers , they think of I B M a lot of times . And the main , Yeah . Because see what happens is they have a good backup policy . And anybody can fix it . Uh-huh . And so that 's what you 're going to go for . Yeah . Well , you know , that 's , that 's a , that 's a big thing . 

And , and , you know , it 's like , for example , like Leading Edge . Have you ever heard of Leading Edge ? Yeah . They are out of Korea right . What ? Leading Edge . Do n't they pro , They , they made like , uh , small personal computers . Yeah . Small P C -s . MUMBLEx they 're out of Korea right ? 

I do n't know . I do n't know . But what they do is , what they did , I do n't know , is buy all the parts that I B M would throw away . Uh-huh . And build an I B M P C with all the parts that I B M would throw away . Oh , yeah . Yeah . MUMBLEx for example , you test a chip . It ca n't last seven years but it can last five . I B M says let 's throw it away . Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you . Okay . 

And so that 's , I mean , they 're still around I think . Yeah . I 've seen , well I 've seen them around anyway . You know MUMBLEx . So , that 's what they do . They buy all , all the things that I B M throws away and they MUMBLEx , and that 's why they 're so compatible . Uh-huh . Because I mean and by the time you have computer for five years , you 're going to throw it away anyway . You know . 

Most people do . Or they have to anyway . Well , I mean , there 's like , well in a way you realize , I mean , one t- , one of my teachers got this computer which , you know , it 's like , uh , voice , uh , synthesizing stuff . Uh-huh . And he got that . He said , you know , it 's like , uh , I was testing it and it was wonderful . And then when you tried to erase and correct , you know , all the errors in your voice , it takes up all your memory . Wow . And I want more , you know . And it 's like Jesus Christ , you know , it 's like why do you want more . Because it 's like one second of recording . I mean you put into Wave -- Uh-huh . -- and you want to correct the errors into Wave , it takes so much , I mean , it 's like , of course it does . I mean , by the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model and you put it in there , and you want to correct those . And then , you know , you 're trying to make the , the Wave smooth so you can approximately , of course it 's going to take a lot . 

Imagine , imagine -- It 's amazing . Yeah . -- what it is for us to make mark off models , you know . It 's like , Jesus Christ . Well , when you get , you know , when you get right down to it , the , uh , the more they can do for you , the more , uh , like I say , the more , the more memory they 're going to require . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Both , both in terms in Ram as well as , uh , you know , standard -- Yeah . -- memory or disk mem- , disk base , so . 

Well , like they say , like nobody can get enough , you know . It 's like once you have something , and it 's like -- Oh , yeah . You find out more , -- I was watching this program on T V yesterday . In nineteen seventy-six -- Yeah . -- NASA came up with Three D graphics . Right . Uh-huh . And they were showing this like Three D g- , Three D graphics view of like , Like the MUMBLEx deal ? What ? No , no , no . Like a hologram ? This is like , this is like -- With just graphics on , on a , -- video game stuff . Okay ? Okay . But the only thing was , that it was just lines , okay . Like if you , 