

Uh , let 's see . How about , uh , let 's see , about ten years ago , uh , what do you think was different ten years ago from now ? Well , I would say as , far as social changes go , uh , I think families were more together . 

They , they did more things together . Uh-huh . Uh , they ate dinner at the table together . Uh , the parents usually took out time , uh , you know , more time than they do now to come with the children and just spend the day doing a family activity . Uh-huh . Uh , although I 'm not a mother , I , I still think that , uh , a lot has changed since ten years ago . Uh , what do you -- We , -- think about that ? Well , uh , actually ten years from today seems rather short . Yeah . 

Uh , but I do agree that , uh , generally it 's , society has sort of , uh , let 's see , rushed everything ahead . Uh-huh . And , uh , I do n't know , it leaves , leaves a lot of time out for family and things like that . In other words , they just prioritize their lives differently . But I think that has a lot to do with economic situation . Yes . 

What about like as far as , uh , social changes in the individual ? Do -- Uh , -- you think that the individual has as much time as they did , let 's say , ten , twenty years ago ? Um . It depends . Uh , it 's hard to say because I think people were busy ten twenty years ago too . Uh-huh . Uh , I just , Well , how , how old are you ? I 'm twenty-eight . Twenty-eight . Okay , I 'm twenty-three . Yeah . So there 's maybe a five year gap between us . Yeah . So , uh . I just , I think that things were a bit , were , have been busy all along . 

It 's just -- Huh . -- a matter where priorities are , at placed . Yes . And that , uh , usually as far as families are concerned , there used to be just one person working and usually the other parent was home . Uh-huh . And now , uh , it 's pretty much an economic necessity of , for most , in most places for both parents to work . Do you think it 's an economic c- , necessity or do you think that we 're , we 're , uh , all trying to keep up with a certain standard of living ? 

I think that 's part of it too . But I do think , I mean do you think , people really need two cars and -- No , no . I do n't . -- a house in the suburbs or , No , I do n't think that . 

But then there are a lot of people that , that do n't have that . Uh-huh . But , that really do need to work . Uh-huh . I think maybe those people that really do need to work , both parents , just to survive . And -- Yeah . -- then there , th- , is , is that other group that is -- Uh-huh . -- working to maintain a standard of living -- Okay . -- that , uh , they think is , is surviving which is really more luxuries . Uh-huh . Uh , but I I tend to think that it 's less those people that have the two cars and everything than it is the group that is just trying to survive . Yo- , so you think it 's , which group are you saying is the one trying ? I 'm saying that the , uh , the group that is just trying to survive from day to day , where both parents are working -- Uh-huh . -- is more of the majority than the , than the people that have the higher standard of living . Because if you look at economics across this country and statistics on who has the money and who the decreasing , uh , middle class in this country -- Uh-huh . -- I think that that 's , in my opinion , the case . Okay . So . I mean I have met people that , uh , both that , that just want to maintain a , the standard of living and those that , that really need the job . Okay . 

And then , sometimes I , I often , uh , find that maybe there 's so many different things available to us . Yo- , a microwave , a V C R , a answering machine -- Uh-huh . -- a , you know , a special , a dishwasher , uh , a refrigerator and some of those items , um , for the , for the , uh , well I guess we 're sticking more to social changes but , uh -- Uh-huh . -- people want all of that and not all of those are necessities . Right . So they 're trying to , it has become a necessity . 