

Okay . Well , um , I used to work in a day care center . Uh-huh . I worked in , um , in all the different areas of the day care center and it is , they can be deceiving to people . I did not work there long because I could n't handle the , the treatment that the children got , and this is supposed to be a very well-known center here in Tyler who had two or three , um , centers , Uh-huh . all over , you know , the , um , city and they would , um , be one way when the parents were there and be another way when the parents left . Yeah . So , um , I think you need to make , you know , if you do , do day care centers , you know you should make frequent checks and , um , to check in on them when they 're not expecting it . Yeah . Because they do , do things differently when you 're not around , so . Well that , I know wh- , 

the things that we kind of looked at is , is you want to see how many teachers you have . Uh-huh . And , and how many kids they have and how they break it up . Right . Because we had , we had one that sounds kind of like what you were in . Uh-huh . It , it was a really good one , and in fact , it worked out for us because my wife , we kind of bartered . My wife did artwork for them and then , you know , so we got our day care free . Uh-huh . But they did n't have enough teachers and , Well , this one was set up good . I mean they had two teachers -- Uh-huh . -- to every room . Um , sometimes three . 

And they had a good system like so when you walked in , everything looks cool . Uh-huh . The problem I had was that they did not show affection to the children enough . They did not show them care to these small children who are being left . Uh-huh . Um , they , one time I picked up this little boy who was crying and the owner came and just chewed me up one side down the other . Huh . You know , he said you are going to have every child in here wanting you to pick them up . And I said , no , this child was crying and needed some comfort , you know , Yeah . what is your problem . So , um , Did , did they separate them by age group ? Yes . 

Because I 'd think , you know , I think that 's one thing that was important . Right . They did , they had like , um , the , the crawlers , the babies that did n't walk in one room . Uh-huh . The ones that were starting to walk in one room . Then they had like the , um , three , three year olds , upper fours , lower fours , upper fives , lower fives . You know , just like that . Yeah . You know , they really did separate them well . I- , it sound , yeah , It was just the teachers themselves . Right . But , yeah , that they 're not , Affectionate people that they 're , they 're kind of par- , Yeah . Their system , may be parents themselves or something . Right . But their , but their system was , was great but , um , the , you know , the caring just was n't there . Uh-huh . The one woman that taught that did the babies . I worked with her and she was fabulous . Uh-huh . She loved them babies , and she loved them and cared for them . But , um , every one of the others that I saw was just screaming and yelling and , um , you know , would make me a nervous wreck , so , you know . Yeah . I , I , I think that 's probably a really important thing because you can have doctorates and P H D 's and all that kind of thing and , you know , know all the technical stuff , but if they do n't reach out and touch the kids , then that does n't do any good . Yeah , 

these kids are just in a day care center all day -- Yeah . -- and , uh , with no , any type of emotional , you know , getting love , getting care , they 're just there . Yeah . You know . Going through this routine , An- , which is lousy . The other , the other group that we had was kind of interesting . The other one we went to the , it was a husband and wife team -- Uh-huh . -- and we knew them from other associations but , uh , it was kind of interesting because she was kind of the strict one , and I think , you know , she would , she 'd put her arm around the kids and talk to them and stuff , you know , but he was actually the more , um , the more , uh , what , demonstrative type . Uh-huh . The more loving he would , you know , laugh with the kids and play with the kids and -- Uh-huh . -- and i- , it was kind of interesting to see that , that it was actually the man in the group that , that did that side of it . An- , Yeah , 

you do n't see that much . Yeah , so they had a really nice balance . We liked that one . In fact , it was called Humpty Dumpty Play School or something , That 's cute . but they also did , they also did some of the teaching things and then they had , um , you know , obedience , obedience was important . Yeah , 

that has to be with a day care center . And you know so they , you know , they used , uh , oh , I think they used the , you probably heard where , you know , where you stand in front of the clock and get your power back to control yourself . I 've never heard of that . That 's , that 's a new one , And it 's , it 's one , on me . Uh , I ca n't remember what they call it actually but y- , you just stand them in front of a clock and , you know , it has a second-hand that goes around . Uh-huh . And they have to stand there , 