

So , what kind of music you into ? Well , I have a , uh , pretty wide taste , uh , in music , ranging from progressive rock to jazz to , uh , lot of different forms of , uh , music . In fact , it 's easier for me to say , uh , the types of music that I do n't like are opera and , uh , screaming heavy metal . The opera , yeah , it 's right on track . I like classical , but I ca n't deal with opera at all . And heavy metal , uh , it 's noisy . I 'm into , uh , some industrial music that 's , a , a bit even harder than that . Uh-huh . But it 's , it 's got to have a point to it . Oh , I do n't mind music that 's difficult to listen to , but , uh , the , the , uh , basic point of heavy metal w , which seems to be music to annoy you , is , uh , gets a little annoying . Yeah . What kind of progressive stuff ? Uh , lot of stuff that actually has , uh , ended up becoming popular like , uh , Nirvana and , uh , oh , you know , I 'm thirty , so lot of the stuff I was listening to in my teens like the Clash and , and the Sex Pistols and -- uh . -- R E M , that sort of stuff . Uh , R E M makes me laugh because they 've gone from a college radio progressive group to being , uh , you know , ultra mainstream at this point , and it 's not really that they 've changed their musical style so much as the stream changed . Oh , yeah . Yeah , it 's , a lot of people l- , like , saying that , you know , bands in that position , you know , sold out . Uh-huh . I think that 's pretty much , you know , bull . Because R E M really has n't changed . If , it 's , it 's interesting . They 're producing , uh , similar music and it 's good music -- Uh-huh . -- but , you know , people have picked up on it . That 's good . I think it is . I 'm impressed . Uh , for a while there , music seemed to really ha , popular music seemed to have , uh , not a lot of point to it . I was really tired of , uh , the Michael Bolton . Mi- , Michael Bolton really got on my nerves because he , he was making all this money doing mediocre cover tunes . Oh , yeah . And I could , uh , go down to a bar that 's about three minutes from my house and hear people doing covers better than him not making nearly as much money . Uh , but he picked the right songs and -- I guess . 

-- and that , that 's about all he had going for him . Or still has , for that matter . That , and a marvelous hairdo . Oh , yeah . Yeah , 

I 'm sure that , that so , that sold a lot for him . That 's all you really need for a lot of , lot of pop . I 'm ki- , I 've kind of like developed a , a short hatred for , for pop . It just seems like there 's no , no real point . You hear the same , same tune over and over again -- Uh-huh . -- in a thousand guises and , Well , i- , it 's interesting because you were , you were saying that you liked classical music -- Uh-huh . -- and I like a lot of classical music , but I also dislike , uh , some classical music , 

and what gets me even more is the attitude of people who are really into classical music , and feel that if , if it 's not seventy five years old , it has n't stood the test of time . Yeah , I can , I can believe that . What kind of things are you , do you like in classical ? What 's the -- Uh , -- standard ? Stuff that I like , uh , I like Bach . I tolerate Vivaldi . I ca n't , stand , uh , uh , Debussy or Debussy . Uh , uh , I like Tchaikovsky . He can make a lot of noise when he 's , uh , so inclined . Oh , yes . Uh , and some of , some stuff that I like , uh , for instance , Frank Zappa has done a fair amount of orchestral composition -- Uh-huh . -- and that 's interesting music , but it would not get performed by any , uh , municipally funded , uh , philharmonic , uh , just because , number one , it 's Frank Zappa and he 's weird , number two , is n't he still alive . You know , we 're , we 're , much better off playing , uh , Beethoven 's ninth , that 's right , you know , w- , we 'll do , we 'll do the ninth and everyone will know it and -- It 's safe . -- and hum it and i- , it , it just is n't chance taking enough for me . Uh , I feel that , uh , that , that music should take chances in one way or another and that , uh , you know , if you 've heard a piece , oh , a hundred , a hundred times , 